Very high price...........well done MI
Worst product. Never buy. Slippery  nature, not fiiting proper in hand. Simply Amazon forcing the customer to use it instead of return or replacement. Don't buy online unless u physically see the demo or physical touch of product. Website display is more of graphics. Worst product features.
Nice phone camera super super fast
Superb camera Battery backup awesome Nice perfomance
Camera quality is not adequate as per expected. It's like 5 mp camera
Outgoing okey  Voice celerity not clear  Incoming some times not through  Overall not happy
Got the phone yesterday,functioning is good but I am not able to access the front camera as it's showing another camera is broken can not switch.
I like each and every feature of this mobile except selfie quality
I love this phone..... Stylish look..... Excellent battery capacity.... Great clarity of camera.... Good touch....good processor... etc.......... Aur kya chahye
Worest mobile ...don't by it friends .I got one month back this mobile .. battery backup 0 only camera good
System is lagging simultaneously Performing slow Multitasking not possible Good camera and music quality Video recording not good
In this phone Battery performance  is not good camera also not as aspected.  Wow!! I what a pic Camera quality improve after update.
Products  is very bad Never buy vivo phone Phone is getting  hang and on charging it is heated to much
Processer was waste to week working slow
It's about awesomeness 😬😁😊
1. Portrait pic not good. As compare to  2. OPPO. Are net is working slow as compare to Vivo 17 3. Aap download is compratively slow .
Front camera is not as good like 32 MP....it should be improve...back camera design should be improve
If there is any exchange i will do it this is worst phone i have ever seen I want to return it its very worst it is hanging much can't operate the mobile very very worst make it return as. As possible
Good phone with always on display and in screen fingerprint
The cell phone is great The processor could have been better But the looks of the phone takes it away So you won't regret after buying it The cell phone might be a little heavy for some people but it's manageable
PRODUCT IS NICE.  I HAVE PURCHASED BLACK COLOUR MOBILE, BUT I HAVE RECEIVED WHITE COLOUR MOBILE
Amazing cell phone micro camera is amazing
It is as per my expectations.
Again best phone in this range but somehow if processor could be snapdragon 712 means better.this too not bad..camera not bad.overall good
It's good...
Option in external memory .. worrest option... Battery Heat in early in charging time.
Camera, voice and sound quality is very good.
Value for money... Best phone to buy if the budget range is in or about 20k. Great phone, brilliants specificationa, great service by amazon. The phone has a very ricch look. Modern styling and good hand feel. Weight is around 195 gms. Great battery.
I start calling him on March 18, and on April 10, the phone lines the black line in the center of the display, all my hard earned money is lost, today I am paying this loan on the bank.
Best mob office & tour related
Not upto the level. 3GB Ram works faster than this. Taking too long to open any apps. Pls go for other models. No refund / return the item.
Nice phone
Very good Product
Nice
Function are good but but but but but camera function and quality is disappointing.
Nice.but only one simcard and one memory card we can use.If v want to insert dual SIM cant use memory card.All Other features r good.
Good product but there is no difference in S1 and S1 pro other than the camera
Nice product
Camera quality is poor. Amazon wont refund money once you order it,though u dont like the product or not satisfied. Amazon doesnt help u out in anynway
Superb mobile
Product is nice.. but at this price range I would suggest not to got for this.
Original camera fant and back music butifull sound calar very good
Bad
Third class phone. It's total waste of money. Once you buy it Amazon won't even entertain refund or return of the product.
Charging is average.....if u use wifi it consumes more battery
It's very handy to use .. camera is good
Nice display... wonderful camera clarity.
Battery back-up is not satisfactory. Media sound is very poor. Even the Camera is so exciting. Other features are okay.. Not extraordinary
camera quality is owsmmm
Battery capacity is low. Since I am from using from 20 days daily I need to charge the mobile.
Phone is awesome and full of specifications. Front finger sensor is awesome and look is fabulous. Price is reasonable
Good
Very good camera quality phone
Nice me
Very good Mobile
Totally liked it. Good
Such a best phone ever.... Camera clarity is best with affordable price....i love this phone.
I have purchase thus product by credit card with no cost emi, but till time not converted in emi.
Camera quality worth
Very bad ...Battery charging is not fast, camera clearity but not so special, average phone is
No comments
Very poor
It's awesome 👍
It's awesome for multitasking n the back cameras in the diamond pattern looks just love❤
Worth it
It's better to buy poco x2 this camera has disappointed
Excellent mobile
Excellent phone
Everything is good,  but 18w dual engine fast charging mode not working properly.
My order delivery package cell phone not available Cell phone missing
Fantastic product at cheaper rate
Nice service
Good product and good quality clear visibility and clear clarity
Product is soo good easy functions and nice phone body colour
Need to improve many things.
amazing
Vivo brand top brand
Very good 👍 phone
Good phone
Wast for Money Camera not quality
I got damaged piece but didn’t return
Nice over all
Good phone in 2020 best camera and best performance
Nice and affordable
Good
Nice super
This phone option are too good. Compare to other phone set
Features nd the whole phone I like the most....
Good smart fone with all the best fetures in it
Nice product from vivo
Worth for money .....
Good product battery backup very good
Good camera features
Good product
Best product
Very nice... mobile
Excellent
Very nice
Superb Mobile & Battery & Camera
Best Price and Super phone on this Price
Gud one
Camera quality
Very nice phn.
Face Recognizability is good.
Amazing product with value for money
Headphone is not received with phone
Good product
Superb product
Good
Good
good
Super Nice Phone
Best vivo phone
Nice phone.... And very fast..
Every thing is fine and good
Very nice thank you
nice phone
Nice mobile phone
Its a fantabolous mobile
Don't by this phone West
Very slow device
Not good
Very good phone
It's very good
Superb
Superb
Super
Very poor quality 😢
Good Product
Good product
Nice product
Nice
Nice
Good
It was good thanks Amazon
No dislike till now
Awesome product 👍
Overall ok
best phone
Excellent product
Very nice product
Very nice product
Excellent
Very good
Excellent mobile
Nice product 👍
Worth for money
Superb Phone...
Very Good Phone
Nothing special
Superub
Worth of money
Very good 👍😊
Voice problems
Battery is low
Awesome......
Nice phone 👌
Overall good
Good product
Best quality
Camera super
Good
Good
Good
Nice phone
I like it
Very poor
Veey good
Dislike
Thanks
Super
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Awsm
Ossm
Wow
Nyc
Ok
No
No
Superb phone
Look is so good
High price in this mobile
Super And its really SMART phone
Price does not justify the features. No Dolby Atoms in 20K phone. Could have given Snapdragon 712 at this price. Camera colours are very Saturated. SAmoled when compared with Samsung phones is mediocre. Bought it from market. Vivo could have done lot better for the price they are asking for. Its a OK buy.
Nice phone
THIS IS A WONDERFUL  DEVICE OF VIVO. I LIKES THE SHAPE AND DESIGN OF CAMERA IT IS WONDERFUL. IT'S DISPLAY IS ALSO BEST. IT'S PROCESSOR  IS GOOD. IT'S BATTERY IS LONG LASTING. REST OF THE THINGS ARE BETTER.
Just go for it. Super AMOLED screen is too good. Battery back is surprising good. Charges phone fast(1.5hr). Fingers print sensor works smoothly. Camera quality is also decent enough. Trust me the proccessor is not a problem if you're not gamer. It's 8gb ram is enough for daily routine uses and don't make a problem at all. I must say battery backup is surprising.
Wonderfull mobile
Good
Worst mobile . Over price . Camera is very poor . Selfie is not 32mp Only 16mp . Portrait function not suitable work . Compare oppo mobile is best one ... Don't buy these kind of worthless product . And shopper or salesman's are liar . Address: Sangeetha mobile , Davanagere, Karnataka.
Worst product at this price. Rear camera is not good. Processor is outdated. 10K phone have such processor. can't play PUBG smoothly. 1 star given for the design and front camera. only two card slots available. that means if you use one slot for memory card then only one sim card you can use. fell like hell..
Hi Sir/Madam, This is my first experience with Vivo products, I am not happy with the product cameras front and rear, when I snap pics of displays led Video walls both front and rear cameras are flickering it's not stable and clear, even in slow motion it's flickering. Very bad experience.
Worst product. Never buy. Slippery nature, not fiiting proper in hand. Simply Amazon forcing the customer to use it instead of return or replacement. Don't buy online unless u physically see the demo or physical touch of product. Website display is more of graphics. Worst product features.
Wrost mobile from vivo ...don't buy.....Amazon price 19990 market price only 15999 mathura
Worst product I have ever purchased,too much hanging problem which was not excepted, this phone is very slow,I don't understand how come a phone so slow when it has 8gb RAM, and the processor is alos good. Worthless product from VIVO.
Processors very very bad... camera is good
For the price this phone is selling only an idiot would buy this one. The processor is snapdragon 665 which is slow af compared to what other phones are offering these days
Only battery issue not last as normal use 12 hour
Every thing is perfect. S Amoled screen, camera features, Jovi features, battery backup etc.  A bit over priced. Ideal price - upto17K max
Superb phone,I like mi but heating issue,but first I love vivo,I am use one month this phone,i really happy Vivo
wrost product ever Too bad quality
If you are looking for a fast processor and light weight phone than its a big no no. My bad i purcahsed this phone, dont buy
Dont buy this device... It's so cheaper.
Don't suggest to buy.... Camera is third class Smooth Speed on everag app is third class Wast of money....
Superb performance especially camera
The mobile is very good in terms of money and its camera quality is excellent. It's proceser is too good.
Premium look with top quality features above all made in India
Not good waste of 20k
Cost is very high but front camera standard is very bad I don't like the camera
Phone back side should be gorilla glass
Very nice phone with all facilities
Fake reviews Phone is just "NEXT LEVEL"
I like so much, better then others company mobile
Nice phone , nice style really super Wonderful phone!
Camera not good as expected
Kissht Call me 9953722341
Very good satisfied
Super  battery  power
Good product
Very lovely phone
Wrong product
High price
Nice phone
Dislike
Like
Super
Camera performance not good and waste of money
Brand new handset came with defect in sd card slot, checked and verified by Amazon technician. Awaiting a replacement
This is my 3rd vivo after V17pro n V17...I must say S1 pro has a unique design and load with some fabulous features...I gift this to my wife n she loved it...delivery was quick before time...
Waste for it's price and quality of the camera
I like
I like it nice to have this mobile
This is a better device when compared with to other devices of this price range. The finger print sensor on the screen has  much slower response when compared to the traditional ones on the rear end of a device. The device offers a smooth performance every time. Gaming has been quite good (pubg in optimum settings). Battery capacity is ok when compared with the performance it delivers. Overall agood phone for anyone who doesn't want to play GTA 5 on this phone.
This phone was good but battery was dead too fast among this all are good.
camera quality excellent...
Best camera
Exchange offer
Camera is too bad and very bad customer service
I look for specifications instead of looks and I have to say that it is good in both look and specifications.
Best camera in this price segment Battery backup is good
As far as I checked there is no complaint about the phone, and Amazon delivery is also great, but the product is pre opened, as shown in the pics the seal is white but realme comes with black seal with yellow text and the whole box should be wrapped in white plastic, which this box doesn't. Phone look fine and I dont want to go through the hassle of replacement, so iam keeping the device. But I would have liked a new box.
battery is not good. But charging is fast. redmi note 7 pro is better
It's been more than a month now since I have been using this phone and I am very much satisfied with the performance. Pros: 1. Decent battery life, almost 1 day battery life with heavy usage. 2. No overheating problem. 3. 48MP rear camera does a great job, especially portrait and night mode. 4. Front Camera is also decent. 5. Processor is nice. I can play PUBG in highest graphic setting without experiencing a single lag. 6. Look wise is also different. Cons: 1. Slightly heavy 2. Transferring of media is little bit difficult from old phone since default app doesn't work properly. 3. Interface could have been more user friendly.
Phone is very good.cam quality should be enhanced more.
Nice Camera and Battery Backup... Super Vooc Charging
Good till now 👍, has been using for 1 month
Looks good and slim but the processor is very slow, slow response to touch. I would suggest not to buy realme 5 pro.. Better go for other brand like redmi, Samsung and other for same price.
Superb Mobile. Simply awesome. Just arrived few minutes back. After using the 2 minutes all features and mobile speed, capacity awesome. Thank you Amazon. Love it and Love you.
It's wonderful and I had great experience by using this android mobile and one thing I really want to share something the vooc charger it's getting damn good by greeting 0 to 100 percent in 1.20 hour especially first 50 percent is getting charge in 30 mins.finally gaming experience Vera level 712 SD processor I love it get this mobile and get winner winner chicken dinner every time in pubg ........... This review is post on Feb 4 20 I'm using this mobile for more than one month it's awesome.
Excellent experience with this mobile as it has enhanced acceleration for gaming due to it's processor and lightening fast charging. I Love this product as it's value for money. But minimum accessories like hear phones are to be added with this item.
Superb
very  good
I used the phone for 1 month, till now there has been no problems. Playing games is very smooth and there has not been any heating issues. Playing pubg is smooth and graphics can go up to hd till now but may go higher later. The things I didn't like was battery life. 4035mAh is just OK. It's not that good but it's not that bad also. The camera is also good even though the camera UI is really bad. The fast charger is superb. The phone gets fully charged from 0 to 100 in 1 hour and 20 minutes. I am not a fan of color is so I don't like the UI that much but I think the upcoming realme  UI much better.
I received this Phone 1 week back.this phone is good under this price.we can handle this Phone in easy way.phone touch screen is very smooth.after updating to android 10version handling easily. And the battery pack up is better using 12hours.with in 1hour 10min charging full. And finally camera quality also good 48mp and night mode also good.you can buy this Phone
Best phone best camera best performance ance........
After 2 and half months use I'm face its heat too much  so not  easy to handle after heat bigest problem battery life not so good and not bad only use when you out of your zone u can't enjoy bcoz battery drain out too fast . Buy instead mi , samusung .
Finger print scanner and face unlock are not upto the mark. Facial unlock is worst compared to Redmi.
Poor
Seems like already used product. Seal has been already broken and seal has placed over the broken seal.
Cemra quantity is not good when lick the picture that look a capture image not properly clean some buller are shown the image when just small zoom the picture
Very impressive
Amazing mobile.... Best mobile in this range... Camera quality is awesome.....
Superb build quality and superb performance. Battery backup is almost for 2 days for a casual user. Camera and performance overall is good.
Good o good
OK not reached as my expectations.. Not received ear phones..
Awesome product and delivered intime
Awesome phone nd 100% value for money, superb camera. Amazon delivered on time and packing is good
Camera quality is awesome Battery backup is average but vooc 3.0 charger beats that with quick charging Fingerprint and face unlock is fast Performance is also good with sd712
NICE ONE PRODUCT But realme Earphones not in box. Other Wise Mobile is good looking and good working , thank you for this phone safe delivered to me.
Everything is fine. Good service by Amazon.
Nice Nice battery backup Brightness excellent Beautiful Also
Few times, it works very slow, it 'll be ok after the restart. Otherwise everything is fine.
VeryGood product... standard Realme5pro.
Good
Battery must between 5000mah to 6000mah. Battery is of 4035mah due to this battery performance is not that much of good.
Nice mobile
Nice device... Performance top class👍👍👍
Superb camera quality.... Great display... Awesome phone.... Realme ❤️... Best budgetary phone
Nice mobile fast fingerprint scanner Changing speed is very nice
Finger print reader
Camera quality not so good...otherwise its average quality phone.
A overally good product. Nice camera resolution. I'm happy using it.
Nice phone for the price range
The seal of the box was already open and the phone was setup when we first switched on the phone
Loved the phone. Looks amazing and works like a charm.
Not satisfied
Defective product is to be deliverd by amazon..the speaker of mobile is not work.properly
Worst mobile
I am not Satisfied  but .... OK.
Love it
Nice product
Nice phone, camera sucks tho
Best in this price , best camera , best performance average battery life.
Super product
What. A phone Very good experience
Very bed
Nice mobile
Good battery life was expected
Value for money
Nice ji
Excellent Product by Realme
Super Product
Good
Camera quality is not so good .not accordind to 48 MP.
Battery life is less But due to vooc charger it gets charged fast
Superb phone but when pubg phone have slightly heat and normal laging
No earphones with new device , please confirm why it is not included?
sometimes mobile slow after 1 month use and cemera quality low
Ovarall good, increase battery backup (5000mah) so good.
Excellent performance.really it's amazing 👌👌
Amazing purchase .
Good camera quality and satisfied with seller service
Best value for money phone ❤️
camera quality is very nice. Overall quality is also better.
Best handset.
Camera not clear jese camera hai vesi photo clear nahi aati
Proximity sensor is not working. Bad product from amazon
Camera quality very good
Excellent
Ok
Awesome product, value for money & Good camera quality.
Product is used before , seal is broken of this product
Excellent phone at this price range..
I order blue sparkling but deliver to green sparkling
Overall fitting product in this price range.
Fantastic and value for money phone
Battery lyf not good, Adds comming too much..
Awwwsuum phone on thissss price i really love it!!
Nic
Value for money. Camera is excellent
Very quick delivery, nice
Ik
The mobile so nice it's camera result is so nice
All future good
Value for money
Really asome
I received defective one so please replace
712 processor is very fast
Overall awesome phone in this price range
Item Good
Mobile color is verry dark and unuseful
Lovely
As per my expectation
Ok type .. not great
Good phone📱
Super mobile
Durable Easy to handle
Good camera.battery life is awesome
Excellent camera Superb design
Hmm
I like because it's colour is best
Gjz mobile
So awesome mobile
Very nice phone
Value for money
Very bad mobile
Awesome
Total value for money
value for money phone
Nice
Great phone.
Best quality product gound
Over all best mobile phone
Battery performance besi
Vry vry impressive phone
Excellent mobile
Excellent mobile
Best according to price
Best phone in Budget ❤️
Battery problem
Awesome product
Value for money
Very good mobile
Everything is going...
Great product
Awesome mobile phone
Nice
Hood
Good.
nice phones
Awesome product 👍
Ok
Nice but not good
Good but very bad
Fantastic awosame
Excellent
Very good
Value for money
Best mobile ...
Value for money
Value for money
Not bad
Awesome phone
Nice product
Good
Nice camera
Best choice
Osm
Nyc mobile
Very  nice
Ok
Nice one
Awesome
Good.
Nice
nice
Only
Good
Nice
Good
Like
Like
Nice
nyc
Good
Good
Let's go with a detail..... 1. Camera. Best in daylight...video's are awesome...plus I got update of wide-angle video shooting which is very good....night mode works decent... misses on detail...(pics attached) 2.performance... I have 4gb;; 64gb varient... played pubg for 2to 3days...works very smooth...(only 2to 3days because IAM noob😅😅 ). . I mean no lag or anything everything runs smoothly... 3. Battary and charging speed.... One word...sexy.... charging speed is mind-blowing...believe me it's best and battery backup is also good don't see the other reviews I used it (I'll attach pic)... 4...worth the Price??? I think yes because you're getting good camera, performance, battery backup.....ithink it's sufficient...I love this product...
Real battery backup is 5 hours. Need to charge twice a day but vooc charger can counter this drawback. Except this everything is acceptable.
Ultimate performer. Loving it.
I am disappointed with the product ..with in two weeks the display gone,at that time in India lock down announced ,so there is no option to me to intimate to you..So now what I have to do,the phone is not switching ON,almost display gone..waste of real me products..why amazon encouraging these Cheap quality phones..almost I purchase branded products in amazon.I didnt face any issue now am facing issue with Realme..So show me an alternative for this product.
Selfie camera is too bad....high white balance☹️☹️.... back cam is not48mp but superb...display is super... heating-when play games like pubg...easy to use...battery life more to improve
Camera quality is amazing. Finger print scanner,face detection perfect. Assist ball feature very useful. Charges very fast. Amazon delivery is as per schedule. But I request Amazon people to make a neat invoice in A4size sheet or at least A5 with neat printing. It is worth buying.
chinese phone for chinese people
One of the fabulous mobile...the display and the style is just superb...🥰 Loved the most....but the only one thing is the data goes Soo fast ki after seeing some videos or other things it drains ...I think it's just becozz of full clear clarity
Very bad heating hard during pubg paly
I'm not at all satisfied vth this product. Calls are getting disconnected frequently..not even 5minutes I am able to talk properly.. sound is another issue...it's not clear.it can b smooth.
Camera is very bad post proccesing is suck and Ui Also instead this is best smartphone under 12k
Worst phone due to its battery drainage and also heating prblm... Camera was good whn the product purchased bt after update grains are occurred on the video and photo....
Excellent camera , good battery performance , charges in 1:10 hrs . 4k resolution.
No simpal
Gud
Best phone but battery should be at least 5000 mAh .I am very satisfied with this phone. Near stock Android UI with some costomisation.love it
Nice one 👍👌
It's good product Camera is awesome
Camera Good Performance
Really worst.dont buy this one
Real me care services in bathinda too bad. Totally untrained employ.they totally waste your time
Best camera phone at this price
Very good phone. No hang problem . At the end running very good
Display spreads while viewing many videos... touchscreen don't react many a times...
Please give me us know exchange offer
You can buy it for testing purpose
value for money
Good Phone....👍 Good Processor 712..10 nanometre...
Best mobile on this budget....suprv cameras. And battery also
It is very good .... Very nice phone
Great
Best mobile in this price segment
AWESOME product
All facilities are available so very good phone
Excited exchange offer
Excellent 👍
Nice Mobile
This is a owsome phone
Superrr
LIGHTENING FAST DELIVERY.NICELY PACKED.PRODUCT WAS AS DESCRIBED WITH ADDITIONAL SCREEN GUARD.
I like battery backup in this phone. Being 4gb RAM phone, less than 1 gb is free..Camera is good..
All in all a good phone with great specs.
There are Sony IMX camera sensors in the front and back of the phone.  This is a better replacement for an iPhone SE than a Samsung phone (I had used Samsung phones prior to the purchase of my 22 month old iPhone SE).  I may purchase more RealMe phones in the future if they continue to use multiple Sony IMX camera sensors on their phones!!!
It is very mobile and the result of the camera is also huge.... super Mobile 👍👍
Very good
Defective product received. The cell phone is hanging up again and again.i recently visited to Samsung Care Center they checked my phone and said that your phone have some sort of manufacturer default.
Friends this is my feeling that more good options are available in this price- 1. display durability very poor but quality is great. 2. Camera quality is not satisfying specially front camera. 3. Low light image quality is very poor.
Don't waste your money buying this phone. The camera colors the face too artificial... Even regular pics in various modes that I've tried were below average. Image quality and sharpness is much inferior even compared to what the reviews say. I didn't expect wonders from a phone of this price range, but seriously Samsung has really let me down after all the hype and brilliant marketing of M20.  Worst, the customer care just wouldn't replace or return the phone even after umpteen phone calls to their customer care and complaining about the quality, hit and miss facial recognition, pathetic camera pics under low lights.  I'd been wanting to write a review since the day it got delivered and I started testing it, but Amazon wouldn't let me put a review even after 5 days of delivery (as honest reviews like mine would impact their upcoming flash sales:)
Only display quality is good, Camara quality is bad as Samsung brand. 5000 mah battery  only named not in performance. Mi 4000 mah is better than Samsung 5000 man. Security system is too band , my device is unlocking with out requiring password and also unlocking with non registered face I'd. It make bad experience with Samsung. Fast charging is good.
Phone hangs even for few apps
Don't buy Samsung galaxy M20. Camera quality of this phone is too low not even decent. Audio and video quality is fine but volume can't up to mark. Screen quality is also not pleasant on this one. Before buying M20 ,I think you should make a second thought if you paying 11k bucks. Device is overpriced according to its specifications.
Doesn't work after update, returned phone and took 10 days for return process to take place and need to wait for another week for refund. Front camera looks like 2 megapixel. Heavy phone, nothing great for that price.
Don't purchase this phone... Network frequency is very poor... Many time networks gone. And hanging prob.. Prosser is very poor
I purchased this phone on the day of its sale, when there were no reviews available. I made a big mistake in trusting the brand "Samsung" blindly. This phone might have pros but they are nothing special. Many smaller brands also provide those features. The one particular flaw that annoyed me the most and made me write this harsh review is lack of notification LED light. This may sound simple but what it means if your phones battery is low you won't notice any warning. If you are charging your phone you don't know if its charging because there is no LED light. If you had a missed call no LED notification. If you had a text no notification. You will know all these only when you turn your screen on. So you turn your phone scree on regularly to check for all these. How the heck did they design a product like this. There are many annoying things in this phone but this one simple feature missing totally pissed me off. On top to rub salt on wounds...Amazon can't do refunds on phones which is a revelation to me. I jumped in and bought this phone in the first week and now I regret trusting Samsung. I already posted it on OLX, can't keep it. My suggestion is don't rush to buy it.
1:- It's doesn't support samsung pay . 2:- Doesn't support 5G (In case you wifi have 5g option  ) 3:- while recording video is keep adjusting brightness cause video quality to degrade . 4:- After 15 days of use touch is not working properly . 5:-  phone Hangs multiple times .
Let's start with (1) design was very ugly fully made out of cheap pollycarbonate easily scratch, mobile was very thick and heavy.even box quality is cheap. (3) display was vibrant and bright no complain. (2) Camera quality was under average clarity was missing not up to the mark. (3) battery backup was good you will not disappoint and full charge in 2h15min (4) Gaming was very bad in this phone heats up very quickly not able to play games like pubg even on low graphics frame dorps.  Conclusion, we all know Samsung what to give competition to other brand but they are not giving the quality which other brand gives not worth of 10990-/
Please don't buy Very poor built quality. I tried to return mobile handset but unfortunately there is no return policy. You can only replace this. Very disappointed with Mobile Samsung M20. Many better options available with less price.
1) Camera A] The camera is WORST of it's kind. The blur effect/portrait (live view) just uses some Artificial Intelligence instead of using their dual lens technology completely. When you zoom the live focus pic, you can see a sharp border around the subject and rest is blurred. You can get this effect with one lens too using some applications. B] You can only take pictures in which it detects face in live focus mode. You can't take Bokeh photos of other objects. C] There is no EIS (Electronic Image Stabilizer) So you will get a blur bad quality photo/video if you shake the phone even a bit while taking the pic/video. D] No 4K video recording. E] Nothing great about front camera. Normal 8mp camera.  2) Fingerprint Sensor A] Location - The sensor is placed much above and you will feel very difficult to reach your finger to the sensor. B] The fingerprint sensor is too slow. C] You can not feel the sensor since it is flushed with the body and not popped out or placed a bit inside (like in Xiaomi phones).  3) Processor A] The processor is slow compared to Snapdragon 660. B] PUBG, Asphalt and other high end games lags when you play them on Medium and High Resolution mode. C] Heat 🔥 If you play games continuously for an hour then the chip becomes very hot. (The chip is placed right behind the Samsung logo. So it feels like Samsung is getting hot 😂)  4) Notification Light A] Another worst thing is missing Notification Light. You don't know whether the phone is charging, if you have any missed calls, or any message notification. Some phone with tear drop/V Notch/ Infinity display provide notification light. ( Xiaomi provides at the bottom)  5) User interface. (Samsung's 'Experience UI') A] It makes the phone slow. Eventually it will lag much frequently.  6) Android Version A) Comes with Android Oreo. While other phone in this segment comes with Android Pie.  7) Body A) It's a plastic body phone. (Poly carbon) B) Looks Cheap, Feels Cheap and is Cheap off course, compared to metallic body.  8) Updates When I was doing research on phone, I came to know that Samsung release update too late for its phone compared to other brands. I am not sure about it.  9) It does't have Gorilla glass. But I don't know whether the glass provided is better than Gorilla glass or not. Also the glass pops a bit from the main body increases the chances to get a crack.  10) Battery Battery is really good. Lasts for one and a half day (1.5 day) with normal usage (Not heavy gaming).  *You can't return and get the refund onces you buy the phone. Hence I have written this detailed review* I will suggest not to buy this phone and especially don't buy phones/laptops from Amazon they don't give refund and also ask to install some app checks your phones and tells it's working fine even if it is not (Checked the Play Store reviews). Overall all worst experience with phone and Amazon.
All are set in this phone.... Camera is not too good. Live focus is not work properly Normally all are okay. Value for money.  👉"tap to fullimage"
Very bed phone hanging problems from 1st day of purchase and touch problems
Wrost phone  battery was not 5000 mah and amazon not return the phone..
This mobile is only for normal use not for heavy uses like game pubg this mobile is heating and stucking when u play pubg and main problem  network issues calls coneting is good but Internet poor this mobile only for like cab porpose and delivery jobs for maps and charging capicity not for games this mobile have 4gb ram but performance  like 2gb ram don't  buy for games and internet  porpose Good things : bettery  backup display fast charging Bad things : processor network leggings camera quality Go for snapdragon 625 or 626 or 636 or 660
Ordered on Tuesday. Got it on Thursday. Display is amazing. But battery drains like water. I called Amazon and the support guy reads a manual and tells me to use it for 48 hours more. And now I noticed something which I don't know what it is.....a blue line on the edge of the screen when looked from the top ! It's a damage I guess..  totally disappointing
My mobile was heated so I dint like this product 1hr video watching heated
Whereas Snapdragon 636 has 8×Kryo 260 cores clocked at up to 1.8GHz. CPU of Exynos 7904 is seeming decent than that of Snapdragon 636. Kryo 260 cores are basically is a marketing term from Qualcomm. It means four Cortex A-73 based cores and four Cortex A-53 cores. With 4 high powered cores, Snapdragon 636 can outperform Exynos 7904 with only two Cortex A-73 Cores. I can bet Exynos 7904 cannot get a higher benchmark score than Snapdragon 636. You as a buyer can buy Snapdragon 636 powered smartphone without hesitation, If Samsung has also given 4 Cortex-A-73 cores then things might be changed. Heating of smartphones is a notorious/crucial issue with Samsung during gaming, its all depends on poor GPU-graphics. Exynos 7904 is trying to sort out this problem using a Mali-G71MP2 GPU graphics, which is new. However, Snapdragon 636 has an Adreno 509 GPU. We do not have a smartphone powered by this new Exynos chipset. PROCESSOR ONLY THE PRICE CHANGES.  while buying the mobile check the processor speed. i learn from the mobile because i used before redmi note 3 this mobile faster then the Samsung galaxy m20.  please dont buy this product
Received mobile yesterday.. I'm writing my review after one day usage  Very bad product from Samsung Doesn't look like 6.3inch screen For battery I vl give 0.5 star...bcoz Samsung said it's 5000mah battery..but after 100% charge..it's last for only 24 hrs...and limited use only... @ 12,990 good mobiles are available..I won't recommend to buy this one...
2 stars only for Amazon fast delivery. Low camera quality Fingerprint sensor loose Phone having hanging problem No front flash No IR sensor for remote control Slipy body Low quality material Built average Lots of negative points...
Phone hang during working. Heat problem  .bad camera quality.
Camera performance sub par. Battery heating up issue and overall a heavy handset. Not satisfied with the purchase. Amazon also didn't provide the option of returning this product. Totally unhappy with Amazon service. Please don't push products to customers like this.  Return button takes you to a page, where you need to hear the usual crap from Amazon officials with no return, but only replacement option if you are dissatisfied by the performance of this product. In short, think twice before going for this product.
Totally time&cost waste and camera very worst then continly 3 min watching after our eyes very tired because this mobile radiation is high. I'm also samsung fan but i very disappointed. so please don't buy the Samsung m20
1. Worst camera 2. Face unlock is slow and some time it's didn't work properly 3. Very weighty phone 4. Don't waste your money for 11k or 13k u have much better option are available in like  Realme U1,  Realme 2 n 2pro , Redmi phone Asus phone. 5. Battery is only good n nothing.  I have wasted my money so if you want to by give ur no.
Both Camera features are not satisfying much. Also result of front camera is very poor. Rest of features like battery and performance is ok.
Surprised to see many 5* reviews.  My opinion is totally different than all other reviews. Mobile has only few good things to consider for purchasing: 1.Bright Display: Not Amoled display, but looks great, but extra bright in dark night, can cause some serious issues. 2. Good battery backup of 5000 mAh, easily lasts for 1 day in average use.  Reasons not to buy: 1. Camera is just OK, not Upto mark. Though wide angle works pretty well. 2. Lags a lot. 3. Processor performance is less than Snapdragon 636. 4. Slow finger print sensor. 5. No Gaming, No PUBG. 6. Overheating while gaming.  There are many other good devices than this, unless you need only Samsung device. Like Asus zenfone Max pro m2, Redmi Note 5 Pro or if you can wait then Redmi Note 7.
Mobile has big hunging problem even network is not good. Many times voice quality become very poor and many times keypad is not works I m big fan of Samsung but this series is not good. After using more than 10 days...mobile
Very Bad Phone. Battery do no last even a day on a normal usage of 7-8 hrs . Even it shows error message telling thr is a moisture on d charging port and do not charge d phone untill i restart d phn. So many bugs and issues. A very badly build phone full of samsung apps. Slower than XIOMI NOTE 5 PRO.
Cons: 1. Very very poor selfie camera 2. TFT display 3. Plastic or polycarbonate type body easily scratched 4. Network issue found every time 5. Very poor performance Exynos 7904 processor 6. Not giving back cover, screen protector, handphone while other companies are giving  Pros: 1. 5000 mah battery with fast-charging
*Pro- 1. battery backup 2.Wide screen with 1080 60fps 3. Faster 4. Fast charging *Cons- 1.Less Security using face recognition (can unlock using your picture) 2.You can't play PUBG in high graphics 3.Worst camera- can take better pics nly in good light condition 4. No notification light 5. Low build quality Conclusion... 1. Dont buy if you want to play pubg or wanna take good pictures.. 2. Buy only if you want to give this mobile to old age people.
Hi, Iam Abset of Your M series becuase i Have M20 4gb/64 gb and also have M30 with 3Gb/32gb i have hanging issue's and also when play pug and high resolution game then cant work smoothly with game .  Hmmm feeling like fool becaue spent around 13k and 11 k now feelike have purchase 6k to 7 k phone
Not worth for the money. Camera quality is poor. Even the network connectivity is bad. Customer care executive is asking me to reset the software. Clearly a failure model and not worth for the money.
Dear friends  ,,my humble suggestions  ,,plz plz plz don't buy this mobile, totally worst ,, Only two pros in this mobile, TOUCH SCREEN DISPLAY  AND BATTERY LIFE ALL OTHER PERFORMANCE IS WORST PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ  CALLING SPEAKER NOT WORKING PROPERLY LOUD SPEAKERS NOT WORKING PROPERLY SIM CARD SWITCH FOR DATA NOT WORKING PROPERLY INTERNET DATA IS VERY SLOW IN 4G ALSO ,EVEN SERVICES PROVIDER GIVE GOOD WHILE TRAVELING  IN BUS CAR TRAIN ,,NETWORKS DOESN'T REFRESH SOON IT NEEDS VERY VERY HIGH FREQUENCY TO CALL CAMERA WORST PLZ FRNDS ,BEFORE I AM USING  VIVO Y83 ,,COMPARE TO THAT MOBILE  ,SAMSUNG IS WORST PLZ ,don't get cheat
Itz not fast charging.  Itz slow charging.  Even worse than normal charging. Waste  type "c" charger
There is a lot of heating issue like 40 degree on video calling through any app or charging with powerbank in just 10 to 15 minutes. Network strength capacity is also weak. I wanted to return this but Amazon condition through bolancco app I couldn't replace this. This app shows everything ok in 40 degree. How can u do this? In this temperature it's a heater😡. It is not suitable for Samsung brand. If u leave the Samsung brand then other handset is better in this range. Front camera is also not good.
Not good
Cons:-Picture quality  is very poor.very difficult to blur background.doesnot blur subjects without face. Night shot quality  is horrible.No slowmotion,time lapse.realme U1 is much more better than so called  Samsung m20.now want to return  but can't.Totally waste my 11k.
The smartphone is only has good looks, the Display is vibrant but if you install apps more than 10 or 12 it start hanging, The Exynos 7904 is showing good numbers on Antutu, but fails in real time performance and usage. Please don't buy if you are a PUBG player. Cons: 1. Heating very much 2. The Type C charger is also very slow the 5000mAH battery takes 2.45 minutes to full charge 3. Multitasking is poor as it get hanged
This phone might have good configuration under 15K segment but when it comes to performance it is below average. I have been using M20 for about 1month now and there is so much of GHOST TOUCH and screen freeze issues. Most of the time it is very annoying to use and no return or refund available. Bought this phone as a gift for my friend and total waste of money. Most of M20 users are going through the same problem. DONT BUY!!!
I took day before yesterday but already charging issue came,mobile not responding to charger ....already it getting hanged....not worth for money
The phone gets hanged up multiple times. Tried calling customer care but they didn't allow to get replacement. They ran blancco diagnostics tool but that checks the current condition and doesn't check system logs to detect hanging issue.  They have scheduled a technician visit to check the issue but i am very disappointed with the product and replacement policy.
I bought this phone believing that it's from Samsung so it must be good. However the phone only looks good. Just after playing a video for 10-15 mins the phone gets heated up so badly that you feel uncomfortable and after 30 mins it hard to hold it!!! Battery sucks....it gets drained so very fast.. And its very annoying!! Very cheap product from such good brand.... Never expected this from Samsung!! I want my full money refunded!!
I am using this phone since last few days and already given details view on my YouTube channel "Arvin Toys Review"  My Initial observations were:  1)Regarding Nozzle Display : It's best in the market. Easily beating MI Phone 2)Touch Screen : very smooth and fast response 3)Camera : Best quality one with new features of wide angle photos. Very good quality. 4)Battery : it's having 5000mah battery but not so impressive. It's last only one day. It's performance is almost same with 4000mah battery of Redmi phone. 5)External Memory : Unlike Redmi, it has dedicated SD card slot which removed our worries about running out of storage. Another thumbs up. 5) Network Strength : it's quite disappointing. At same place with same service provider SIM, Redmi phones has more signal strength that M20.  Now after using for around 20-days, I am observing following deficiency:  1) No charging indication light 2) Notification Lights is not available 3) Head Phone is not included with the Box 4) Fast charging is not happening 5) Not able to find FM Radio Application 6) Pre-loaded security app not available. 7) Limited pre-loaded ring tones types  Overall I am quite satisfied and will recommend my friends can have a try with this one.
My wrost choice ever about cellphone... After 4 days cell goes off automatically even when charging plug out or plug-in. Don't buy this . Samsung & Amazon both disappointed me. Charging very slowly Can't play pubg with smoothness.
Prns & cons :-  1):- Heating issue 👎🏻 ( no gaming, & no YouTube videos watch)  2:- battery 🔋 back was normal one day use only ( if using vdos listening 👂 music 🎧 then its normal time 5 to 7hrs only )  3:- cameras 📷 👎🏻 4:- design ok 👍🏻 5:- price 👍🏻 6:- Ni ear pods provide in the box 📦👎🏻 7:- screen touch 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 8:- finally plz wait for M 30 guys 👍🏻 Amozon No refund for this item 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
Look wise,  phone is awesome, great display but front camera is very basic and not stand anywhere when compared with MI, ViVo,  Oppo phone in this price sagment. Camera quality is not good.  Company says it has fast charging but it takes more than 2 hours to full charge it with its original charger. Extremely disappointed.  Within a week,  phone has started getting hang some time. Again Samsung has shown their incapability in managing processing speed. It's not value for money.
I ordered M20 on 12 2.19, M20-4bg+64 variant, got the mobile on 13.2.19 itself. I prefer M20 only for 2 reasons. Samsung had a good brand name and it have 5000mah battery. But, it not fulfilled my desires. After, 3 days of usage am writing this review. I am a normal mobile user, for me Battery draining very fast. Think about heavy users. And for regular game players. It's not a fast charging it takes more than 3 hrs for 0 to 100%. Coming to RAM for 4 GB ram it's not worth. Repeatedly am facing strucking problem. While shifting to other app or tab. While gaming, typing the text, while gaming, while sliding the Facebook pages etc... I can't explain in text what I have facing here. It's not too fast for the 4gb ram. Before this I used motog3 only2gb ram its v.good performance compare to this M20. Mobile weight also heavy, handling in single hand also difficult. Coming to display it looks good, but it have full display upto edges in left and right sides. So we can't hold the mobile closely in left and right sides. We need to hold bottom of the mobile only. For the given weight thought to hold for a long period. Camera Ok. Finally, Ram, battery, processor not good. Yesterday 16.2.19 I report this problem to Amazon customer care, to return M20 mobile. But, they directed to do the hard reset. What am asking is why I need to hard reset for my new mobile .? If it had a problem , just take return it. That's ur policy mentioned also. But they are not responding properly. Think over these all. And buy it. Most of the YouTube reviews about the Samsung M20 fails in my case.
Hey m20 have arrived but the quality of box and mobile is not of samsung level. They just created a worst device. And i can say after 30 min usage. The fingerprint scanner it too much slow. Too slow. And when i carried it out of the box it was full of dirt. It feels like they have not created these series like other samsung device. How can they just put a mobile phone with lot of dust in the box and sealed it. The ink used on the box was cheap they just provided 5000mah mah with fast charge support but didn't included any type fast charger the just provided normal charger. Very slow device. I ordered it for my father but ut has  very much small fonts, since Not impressed. The realme u1 which I have boughted a month ago from Amazon, is better than this at same price point.
It started hanging just after I booted the phone and got switched off....still not working since a day....very disappointed
I bought Samsung M 20 set from Amazon on March 31, 2019. After 2 days, for almost 24 hours when I didn’t receive any call or mail, I checked the set and realised that the set was not functioning. When I tried to make a call following message flashed on the phone – “Not registered on network”. I tried all the possible settings/ resetting but Phone didn’t work. I requested customer care that I want to return the phone as there is some fault in the software. The executive requested me that a technician will visit my place and he shall check the set to ascertain the problem and if the problem is not solved, the set may be replaced. After 6/7 days a technician checked the phone and confirmed that there is some issue with software of the phone. He prepared a report with remark – Sim can’t be detected; customer is not satisfied and said that he shall update Amazon with the issues. Subsequently I called customer care and discussed my problem. The executive said that the technical person has close the request with remark that there is no issue with the phone and Amazon can’t help on this matter and in case I have any issue with the set, I should visit Samsung Service Centre as it is under warranty. After spending Rs. 12,999/-, now I have to visit the service centre and if the centre may come up with some new charges as they may say that visit / basic service charges is free but for any other services, I need to pay. Amazon said that they are not responsible for the set as there may be some manufacturing defect. Horrible experience with Amazon and brand new set of Samsung M 20. Need not to mention that since I travel frequently, I am taking out time to lodge complains and attend the technician during his visit. Don’t believe on the quality of Samsung M20 as well as post sale services or return policy of Amazon.
Phone will disappoint you. 1. Camera -  Quality is below standard, as per samsung front camera is 8mp but it performs like 2mp , No autofocus for rear camera, poor quality photos 2. Performance - Phone get overheated when used with some heavy apps within 2 hours. 3. Battery-  battery life is long as it is 5000mah, but it makes phone heavy 4. Interface is good and smooth.  Overall it's below par as per samsung standards. Many good options are provided at same cost in the market by competitors. Don't go for it. And amazon customer service is worst, if you call them to complain about this they will ask you to install some kind of self-made app and then declare that your phone is working fine.
Recently bought this samsung m20 product, design, phone speed everything good. But cam quality is very very poor, also it takes time between one click and another click of photos. selfie mode is too bright, unreal. apart from cam u can buy this for speed and games
 This is one of the worst product that you can expect from a giant player in mobile industry like Samsung , the phone started constantly hanging within 4-5 days of purchase , you can't use it for 5 minutes continuely without hanging , which makes you frustrated that you feel to crush the device or destroy it . The phone is too heavy to handle , 186 g weight is a headache , the quality of camera picture leaves you disappointed , it doesn't have led light as well , so you have no idea about messages , calls , charging when you don't hear the sound , its strange every phone around 10k has this facility . The only good thing about the product is its 5000 mh battery . I would highly recommend not to buy this product .
Phone Has Great Build Quality & Looks Great.. But Still Disappointed With Its Some Missing Features Which I Think Are Very Important :  1. CAMERA - POOR Picture Quality, Images Lack Details And Too Noisy. (Due to No EIS)  2. DOESN'T Have BIXBY & Samsung PAY MINI Feature On It Which Samsung provides Even In J4 & Others which are Below Rs.10000 Price Segment.  3. BATTERY Drains Sometimes Very Fast.  4. HEATING - Mobile Gets Heated Up From Back While Playing Games.  5. It Has DUAL MESSENGER NOT DUAL APPS which means You Can Use 2 Accounts For Messenger Apps Only (Like FB, WhatsApp, Etc.) Not All Other Apps.  6. Doesn't Support "GOOGLE CAMERA".  7. No EARPHONES & PHONE CASE in Box.   ( Atleast Samsung Should Have Provided 1 Out of Both)  MESSAGE FOR SAMSUNG - "Samsung, You Could Have Taken Extra Bucks But Above Metioned Features Should Not Have To Be Missed"
Please do not buy this phone. I personally experienced hell out of problems with this phone. You will be scared by seeing and experienving the over heated battery within 10-15 mins of continuous usage. Battery is draining like hell. Its like eye masking theory towards customers by hyping the adds in amazon. One of the worst product I have booked through amaxon.
Do not buy this phone. No fast charger is supplied. I was planning to return the phone but Amazon CC just refused... no option given.. don't make us fool Amazon and Samsung and all the thec gurus who gave positive review... worst phone
Not for gaming like pubg, most important samsung music app could not install.  Not compatible for many apps. I bought this phone and sold on olx in between 4hours, moreover it heats up. And Amazon will not refund, i call the amazon they refuse to refund or replacement. My advice go for A or S series do not buy M series.
Poor camera quality
I ordered this phone on its first sale that was 5th Feb,2019 and the next day I received that phone and I was very happy for it.But after using some days I realise that my handset is defective.When I was calling somebody or when somebody was calling me,maximum time we couldn't listen anyone's voice then i use different sim cards and for my doubt I reset my phone for 12 times,but yet I was suffering for that same problem then I talked to Amazon customer care and they check my phone through a software named Blancco Diagnostics. And she agreed with me after checking my device  that  I got a defective handset. Not expected from a brand like SAMSUNG,very disappointed.Today (21/02/19) I apply for its replacement (fortunately 21/02/19 was the last date for its replacement) but they told me that I'll get my refund as they don't have stock of this  product.
Battery is good Camera average Display average But the first and important feature of a phone is network coverage. It is very poor when I campare to other mobile and most of the time call drop or didn't get network... Bsnl and Jio.... Both sim are working good in my old smartphone and net speed is very poor plz fix this problem
Really slow, wait for m30. I have made a mistake
Hyped up product. Never started in first place and just kept vibrating. Had to be replaced. Not sure why Amazon doesn't do their own die diligence before blinding showing up a newly launched product in their catalogue. The feedback which I got from the Amazon technician is that there are quite a few similar complaints about M20.
Total Disappointment.. Waste of money.. There are better options available.. Go for that. I had almost 120 apps installed in my previous phone. When I migrated all those apps into this phone it becomes very slow.. Almost take secs to open any app or camera. Poor performances.. Lowlight photos are horrible especially portraits.. It gives very bad skin tone and torn pixels. It struggles to focus in moderate light. Pro mode in camera is useless. Doesn't allow you to change the shutter n aparture. Even after clearing the ram also performance doesn't increase. However I have more than 50% of empty memory in the phone. It seems they have used very low quality of ram. Otherwise 4 gb ram is enough. I'm not sure if it will perform better with only 20 apps installed.  Good thing only is the display and the water notch display design. Which you can get in a below 10k price as well.  My review.. No.. Not at all .
😎After usage of 2 weeks...,. Am not very happy with the product... 😶  👎  primary camera is not good.... Its bluring even in morning time also... the quality of the photos below avg... Secondary camera makes above avg pictures , picture (camera photos) depth is very low compared to redmi models and other phones in the same range.  👍 Display and colour is excellent... 😍😍😍  👎 Samsung wont provide any headsets with this Mobile..  👍 Excellent Battery backup and provide fastcharging.. 😍😍😍 (no need to take any pwerbank with this product)  👎 Sound loudness little high but quality is avg.  👍 Perfomance Good, i didnt feel any lag,  i played pubg continously more than 30 minute and phone dosent hot itself..!! Battery also wont drain toomuch.  OVERALL... M20 NOT FOR CAMERA LOVERS....!!!  Thas it..!!!
from 3rd day itself touch not working properly, heating at back and too much noisey when u speak during the call. Amazon people asking to do this, do that but still mobile not working properly. Samsung should shut the facility if, unable to deliver the quality product. Amazon needs to improve its service.
Worst battery life... Want to replace but amazon care didnt want to listen... Then said ye download karo.. O download karo... Heating bhi ho raha hai... And this is not my first purchase from amazon... I purshased a lot... So mai jhut kyu balu.. Ab yeh log self return karne ko bola.. Self return bhi kiya.. Pehle bola tha self return karne bad mujhe jo courier slip milega o upload karne ke bad mujhe mera replacement send kar denge seller.. Lekin aj mera product return complete ho geye lekin abhibhi seller ke taraf se mera replacement nhi aya... Na mujhe mera courier charge mila.. Worst company amazon..
Very poor performance pls don't buy as I was very much used Samsung mobile my whole family members used only Samsung but very sorry to say this model is worst of all previous.dont buy Amazon also will not refund in any way
This is what I experienced in the past 6 months usage  Pros.. facelock lightning speed, Fingerprint also good, battery life good for phone calls and 4G users for one day Camera quality is again below standard Sound quality is Okay.  And Cons.. sub standard phone by samsung, Samsung has given up quality, backcase is made of cheap quality plastic, feels like you are handling a china handset, touch screen feel also not up to the mark, though it has 3GB ram, phone is very slow during browsing or while using internet, Biggest drawback is that, the phone keep hanging often while using some basic functions, Earphone not included. Buy at your own risk...
Poor camera clarity then more about similar mi phones
I baught it on 7th feb. It worked well for 5 days and battery backup was excellent. But on next day i charged it full it went offff screen. It wasn't switching ON. Neither it was charging in switch offf mode. I went to samsung care they said its Mother Board Problem-"built in problem" and still can't do that for free. It requires 12000 money for repair even if i hav 12 month warranty.. This is the WORST service I ever had. I TRUSTED Samsung alot my all previous Mobiles were from Samsung only. But this M20 with great specification went totally wrong.Ill suggest everyone to wait atleast 2 months before buying new released mobiles. Even if it's Samsung Brand, wait for it , let the reviews come and then decide. I hav worst Experience with Samsung M20 and Samsung Customer Care...Lossed 13 K on Trusted Brand.
Dear Concern  I am not satisfy with the product. I am facing hanging issue (Touch is not working most of the time). To resolve that issue every time i have to press lock the screen and unlock the screen to get rid of this issue again and again. For your kind information i am using JIO 4g on SIM 1 and Airtel 4g on SIM2. Is there any limitation or issue that i am using both the connections are 4g. Pls. take this on high priority and resolve this issue asap.  Regards Amit Jaggi
When you unlock the phone it hangs and it happened 5-6 times in a day. No matter samsung phone has 4 GB or 6 GB ram the problem by birth will not be rectified until Samsung works on it.
half of ram already covered by system apps. I was using mi redmi note 4 that is much more better tehn this in everything. you cant play pubg with this one.lots of lags in graphics and game.gave u feel like you are playing on 2 gb or 3 gb ram.worst phone don't buy this.go for mi phones. I requested for return but amazon denied. and start telling stories about their policies. I will not buy anything from amazon now. heating issue is also mazor problem. you can see battery draining by small use of phone.it takes two hours for fully charge. camera is not so good. touch is also not smooth. face recognition don't work always. over all not worth. PS: please don't buy this
This is a real samsung quality phone. Heating and hanging is its hidden feature which company will never tell u,u have to know urself.dont buy anymore.tHis is most best worst product i buy.
For the first time I changed the phone brand ever since I started using smartphones, and I must say I am regretting it big time. I was a Moto User for last 5 years and I changed to Samsung since didnt want to use oppo/vivo/mi crap and was pissed of nothing new in Moto's new versions. We may be far from Self-driving cars, but Samsung has given me self-operating phone. The screen starts zooming in and out at the speed of 20 per second at any time . Sometimes it starts self-operating madly at bullet speed without any sense. Mediocre camera, 4th class fingerprint sensor, fast charging that happens for 2-6 hours invariably for a full charge, the more you curse, lesser it is. Bloody cant throw also since EMI is there for 4 months to bite and suck. I swear will sell it the day EMI finishes.
my opinion 1.display is so good 2.signal reception is good 3.phone works great for normal use ( browsing and watching videos) 4.battery lasts 1.5 days ( atleast for me ) 5.fast charging really helps me 6.camera is not good 7.only 3 finger finger prints can be registered 8. didn't enjoyed much while playing games with this 9. software needs improvement in lots of area 10. build quality is just okay
Hello everyone, Firstly I have to mention that received the worst customer service from the Amazon team. I have ordered for charcoal black, however I have received ocean blue mobile. When I raised the concern the amazon team told me they will not be able to replace instead I have to get in touch with Samsung service centre.  In terms of mobile, the features are good. However I am facing battery draining and heat issue. Hence I am not even getting a day of charge.
Brought the M20 last March, it was very good in the beginning weeks, as the days progressed, in the 2nd month, the battery is taking longer time to charge, the charge was 4% when I plugged it in charger, I checked regularly and after 6 hours, the charge was only 74%. I shifted the mobile to another fast charger which I got with Huawei Honor Play mobile, in 10 mins, the charge jumped from 74% to 84%. I guess, the charger they are supplying is not matching with the phone level.  Face recognition is horrible, it is identifying bother mother & daughter faces as one, my daughter can unlock my wife's mobile with face recognition in atleast 5 attempts. Camera is average.  I went with samsung, cause had trust in a reputed brand and also brought earlier phones from Samsung, but, since they had brought the phone with so many features in less cost, they seems to have reduced the durability of these important parts that make up the mobile, hence this mobile is almost equal to china mobile. Go with high end models than this one. Cheers!!
Front camera is so bad. Worst camera both in th range of 10k - 15k. Redmi Note 3 camera far better then M20. Don't buy this phone on Amazon. They don't have refund policy. Samsung M20 is just a hype. Please check this phone offline first then take risk to buy. This is just misleading to customer through advertising.
If you are planning to buy this mobile, then read this & then decide for yourself. I bought the Samsung m20 in, using it from last 2 weeks.  As Samsung launched such mobile first time at this competitive price, expected many things. Pros: 1. Samsung branding. 2.5000 mAh battery: With moderate usage, it will last for more than a day. ( with 7-8 hours Screen On Time) 3.Type C support. 4.Cheap  Cons: 1. PUBG works in medium settings, but after 20 minutes mobile starts heating, same in case of Asphalt 9. 2. Though it supports Fast charging, still takes 2 & half hours to charge fully. 3. The processor is Exynos 7904, which is less powerful than Snapdragon 636. 4. The phone gets overheated if we watch youtube or in memory movies more than 40 to 50 mins 5. No notification LED. 6. Lags while multitasking, it takes few seconds to load the app. 7. Auto brightness doesn't work properly. 8. Camera quality is very poor. Painting effect is more in photos if we zoom. 9. Finger Print sensor is not effective and takes time to unlock mobile. 10. Even Face recognition is not good enough, It works 3/10 attempts.
recieved damaged product
Beware !! Screen got blacked out after using for an hour , not able to do anything calls are coming but not able to pick ‘em up as there’s nothing on the screen and moreover its speaker is also not working properly during calls
I've ordered this Samsung Galaxy M20 on 5th Feb and it got delivered to me on 6th. Till 9 days its overall performance was good and finally I was satisfied I have got a good one. On 15th Feb night suddenly display is behaving indifferently and it was calling on its own and opening apps randomly. It did happen quiet a few times after that and I have contacted Amazon center where they did a blancto app display test and it failed. Then they provided me a new one on 17th Feb. Ordering a newly launched mobile on the first day of launch and getting a manufacturing defect from SAMSUNG doesn't look good at all. Hope the new one works good otherwise I will change the brand and go for different one if I need to replace again. Time consuming shhhhhhhhhhhhhhabba!!
It says that we get an in box fast charging adapter of 15W but it was a regular 10W charger inside. Seriously didn't expect this from Samsung. How can a regular 10W charger charge 5000mAH battery quickly?
Back cam is not working, giving error continuously while operating cam. Even front cam quality is not good. Even Amazon took 12 days to initiate refund, worst service by Amazon Finally #IMDisappointed
1) Camera A] The camera is WORST of it's kind. The blur effect/portrait (live view) just uses some Artificial Intelligence instead of using their dual lens technology completely. When you zoom the live focus pic, you can see a sharp border around the subject and rest is blurred. You can get this effect with one lens too using some applications. B] You can only take pictures in which it detects face in live focus mode. You can't take Bokeh photos of other objects. C] There is no EIS (Electronic Image Stabilizer) So you will get a blur bad quality photo/video if you shake the phone even a bit while taking the pic/video. D] No 4K video recording. E] Nothing great about front camera. Normal 8mp camera.  2) Fingerprint Sensor A] Location - The sensor is placed much above and you will feel very difficult to reach your finger to the sensor. B] The fingerprint sensor is too slow. C] You can not feel the sensor since it is flushed with the body and not popped out or placed a bit inside (like in Xiaomi phones).  3) Processor A] The processor is slow compared to Snapdragon 660. B] PUBG, Asphalt and other high end games lags when you play them on Medium and High Resolution mode. C] Heat 🔥 If you play games continuously for an hour then the chip becomes very hot. (The chip is placed right behind the Samsung logo. So it feels like Samsung is getting hot 😂)  4) Notification Light A] Another worst thing is missing Notification Light. You don't know whether the phone is charging, if you have any missed calls, or any message notification. Some phone with tear drop/V Notch/ Infinity display provide notification light. ( Xiaomi provides at the bottom)  5) User interface. (Samsung's 'Experience UI') A] It makes the phone slow. Eventually it will lag much frequently.  6) Android Version A) Comes with Android Oreo. While other phone in this segment comes with Android Pie.  7) Body A) It's a plastic body phone. (Poly carbon) B) Looks Cheap, Feels Cheap and is Cheap off course, compared to metallic body.  8) Updates When I was doing research on phone, I came to know that Samsung release update too late for its phone compared to other brands. I am not sure about it.
Dear Samsung Team, i was not happy to purchase SAMSUNG PHONE due to bad experience in past, but the price of phone and features you are providing was force me to test one more time, but there is not change in performance, there is problem of hanging phone a lot i just purchased M30 one month before with 4/64 configuration i m failed to proper work. earlier was used MI phones since last 3-4 year but not a single time i was found such problems. Too Much Hanginggg
I bought this product in the first lightening deal trusting Samsung brand. But disappointing. The product do not update over wifi. No apps can be installed over wifi. The battery is draining too fast , at the rate of 10% on 10 minutes. I have been behind these issues for two weeks now. Amazon service engineer came to my house finally and certified that it has all these problem. However Amazon is not ready to refund or allow me purchase another phone with whatever I paid. They say their policy do not allow it. The built quality of the phone and color is also worst.  Please dont get trapped.
I bought this phone on 14th February. Everything about the phone is disappointing. Fast charging??  The phone takes 4 hours to charge 50 percent. The touch sensitivity is horrible. It takes 4 touches for a single action. Apps keep on opening by themselves. Leave the phone unlocked and just watch. It sends messages, calls random people from your contacts all by itself.  The only good thing about this is that Asphalt plays well.
Most important *never purchase product from amazone* in my Samsung phone amazone show return nd replace policy but when I demand for return amazone care person said we r not return our product at any cost.what you want you have to do. So pls don't buy from amazone Product quality not as per expectation Picture quality is not good Samsung is a good brand I am not expect chip quality  from Samsung. If I compare camera quality with oppo nd vivo there is a big difference between Samsung nd oppo ,vivo. Oppo vivo camera quality is so good. Mob no 8005541049
Pro_ 1. Great battery. It will perform more efficient after disabling preinstalled samsung app. Charging speed is also good. 2. Big FHD screen. U will enjoy games and videos. U will feel something different and classy than other phones in this range while seeing screen. Full marks for screen. 3. Wide lense camera which u cant see in most of competitive phones. (i dont know have many of u will take wide angle pics. lol)  Cons. Big issue with camera. when it comes to Facial pics, after disabling beauty mode it takes unreal washed beauty pics. very artificial. NO NATURAL PICS.  1. I felt battery heating issue. serious heating issue while playing PUB G 2. Low light camera performance is worst. 3. No blur effect control. Apne marji ka malik h camera. Jaha chahe waha blur marega 4. You cant take bokeh shot when face is not in frame. u always have to look into camera. Strange 5. Frame drops in HD Pub G gaming. (Even Nokia 5.1 plus with 3 gb ram performs better in HD setting) 6. believe me my 4 years old moto G2 is having better sound than this. Dolby sound doents makes any major difference. 7. Audio recording in singing app like smule is worst.  Overall, On paper and reality is far different. What a bad day i purchased this phone instead of Nokia 6.1 Plus
No Samung health and padometer.
i had purches this phone for my wife as gift but when she open and switch on the open a yellowes patch on the screen.  it was very devastating so i returned that phone and i was very glad they return the phone immediately.
1-Charging takes 5-6 hours for 0-100 %.Bought new fast charging cable but problem was not solved.Amazon executive advised to contact service centre. No refund and replacement period is just 10 days.Problem started after 15-20 days. 2- 3.5 mm earphone did not work properly and  my brand new earphones got damaged one after another. 3-Wide angle camera quality is acceptable only in broad day light under sun only 4- Blur effect never worked properly because there is no depth sensing camera.2Nd cam works separately as wide angle cam without zoom without video recording 5-Absence of notification led. It became very important during charging problems 6-I bought samsung after 11 years and regrets
It's the worst phone in this price range. Not expecting the worst quality from Samsung, camera quality worst then redmi note6. battery performance is not up to the discription drain within 24hrs. too much of unnecessary Samsung apps which eats more battery. the processor is not great, not even the screen lock overall performance 4 out of 10. As per my suggestion plz don't buy this phone you will get far better phones in this price range. kindly wait for the redmi note7 or buy redmi note6
Sir, We get this phone (Samsung Galaxy M 20) on 17-feb-2019. When I received the phone and I on the phone it was worked only 5 minutes then immediately it was switchoff. Then onwards it was not working/on. Please rectify the problem immediately. Thanking you, sir.
Don't fall for the advertisements which I did, thinking that Samsung in trying hard to do good in this price segment with so many features at this price-point. Let's see the pros and cons and I shall leave the rest to you...  Pros: Now that I have started to write the plus points I find that this phone doesn't have anything exceptional to offer at this price point which other manufacturers like Huewi, Mi, Realme are not offering.  Full screen 6.3 inch with teardrop notch, Dual Camera, 5000mAh battery, fast charging with usb type-C, Low radiation are the plus points much touted by Samsung.  Cons: 1. Dual camera system is a complete joke. 13 MP primary camera is just average. 5 MP wide angle captures are grainy. Lowlight capabilities are minimal. Pro mode is another joke. 2. Phone heats up considerably when playing games like PUBG 3. For a 5000 mAh battery day to day performance is rather poor. Lasts only a day on more than average use, which other phones last with 3500mAh battery. 4. Fast charging is not fast at all, requires more than 2 hrs to charge fully. 5. Fingerprint sensor feels like still in its fast generation. Slow, inappropriate, problematic. Face unlock is another disappointment.  Well that's more or less it.. Decision is yours 🙂
I am providing review after using it for 6 months. Mobile was good to use with good screen and speed. But the Issue is Mobile is not durable. My mobile screen stopped working(getting heavy blurred lines) after 6 months. I know other people who has same problem(dark spots) on screen. Samsung service center says, mobile gets damaged with Body sweat and Rain Moisture. Unhappy to buy this product, Samsung does not provide warranty.
This is a moderately priced mobile phone from Samsung. Phone is ok for normal users.  No problem with battery life. But, it takes more than 3 hours to 100% charge from around 10%. This is unusual for a new generation phone. Camera is average, but not very bad. Once again an ok only. Camera app has started giving problems already. It takes very long time to open or it will not open. May be an issue with software.  When the phone is switched off and restarted phone becomes ok. Similar problem I am facing with Amazon app too. Finger print sensor is ok. At times it misses. Display is ok. Adaptive brightness is not working properly several times. Samsung as usual has loaded the phone with their apps,  which may not be liked by all. If you are a pure android lover, you may not like this one. Except battery life, which is lasting for more than a day for emails, WhatsApp and other regular usage (no games), one can not expect more from this phone. Overall the phone is a very average product in my opinion.
Pros: Battery life Ream camera (portrait mode) Face recognition & finger print  Cons: Heats up in 10-15 min, especially if you are on calk without headset. Screentouch malfunction every now and then. Freezes every now and then.  P.S: Dear Samsung, Phone is a essential part of living these day, so you cant make defective products and expect customers to do the beta testing for you. You cant get away with "If you have an issue, please contact our customers support" bcoz most of us don't have the time to waste on customer support, no one wants to submit their phone, and wait for 10days to get it fixed, that is why we opt for international brands over local brands. Its better you charge a few extra bucks rather than launching a product without testing. I mean... I cant talk to anyone for 10mins without headsets, my ears starts burning, i mean the primary use of a phone is to call, if you cant do that what good is a phone for? and of course your reputation of phone blasts are still fresh in our memories.
It's a worthless phone with only dislikes. It get hang freequently. Auto brightness is not working properly. The product is not up to the mark, the built quality, the resolution and the best part is the the camera is even worse. The dual camera is for name sake and you end up having pathetic pictures. It's best to have some different category phone for the same price brand rather than going for M20. Also please note Amazon is not providing any service to return the product. They are just over promoting and overhyped the product to catch the customers in the net. Once it's sold as per them, they can't help.  If you one ask me then i would not suggest to go for it.
Still have hanging problems from the first day. Still need improvement even after 4/64. I will recommend if you are going to buy a phone of up to 15k then dont buy this product. (Camera is not working so cancel my order but it's a secondary problem)
Battery backup is good but very heavy product. Display quality,camera not as per expectation  compare to other new brands in market,Samsung need to focus this for future launch of budget range. Android 8.1 Oreo full of ad, require all permission on for running apps.better go for IOS.Only brand loyal can go for this phone in very competitive market of mobile phone.Samsung not confirm for android new version  pie updates.
I am a huge Samsung fan and even though my son told me that there were far better products in the Market in this price bracket, my brand loyalty made me go for the Samsung M20 (4+64 GB). Sadly, my son was right and I am completely disappointed with the phone's performance. I am a senior citizen and use the phone very sparingly. I do not use YouTube or watch movies or use any other streaming services. I have downloaded just a few food delivery apps and check my WA messages a couple of times a day...that is all! In spite of minimal usage, the phone Hangs continuously and the screen freezes for a couple of seconds. This happens, even if I am checking my sms messages. I cannot begin to tell you how frustrating this problem can be. Now that I have bought the phone, I have to live with the problem, but strongly suggest one looks elsewhere for much better quality and value.
Had ordered the phone even after everyone told me not to (because of Samsung phones' perennial hanging problem). I ordered because I thought it used to be a problem with Samsung phones but they might have fixed it by now.  This was the biggest mistake I made. Total wastage of money on this pathetic phone. It's not working at all after just 6 months. There is a blank screen repeatedly which comes up randomly. Even all the apps are just closing randomly.  Checked for battery problem as well as memory issues, but nothing there. There is hence a manufacturing defect.
The phone is no doubt good as per the price. Face recognition is very slow and doesn't work at times. Asks for several update. Camera quality is ok. Doest hang as if now. Pathetic service from Amazon. I called the delivery guy for the timings but he said he gave the phone to a friend and he will deliver the next day. Amazon didn't have any clue about nor had any details of the 2nd delivery guy. It was a gift for my mother and they completely ruined it. Also when the unknown delivery guy came he rang my bell 5-6 times continuously and didn't even ask for the security PIN and just handed me the phone. I would request to directly guy it from the store instead of getting into so much mess.
I have a very softcorner for Samsung in terms of innovations and technology but I can't believe Samsung is doing such things by launching M10 & M20 under the banner " only for Indians ". Picture quality and performance is way bad. The said battery life of 5000mah is way bad than 4000mah of other brands. Overall, I feel for the first time that I am being fooled by Samsung and on the whole we Indians are being fooled by Samsung. Their is no need of any star for this product but I personally have a soft corner for Samsung in terms of innovations and technology so a single star is more than enough to express my dissatisfaction for this particular product M10 & M20.
The grainy photos will bring disappointment. I wanted to return, but got to know that there are no returns for mobiles on Amazon.  Doesn't live up to the Samsung reputation in the camera department. Realme does a better job!
The camera is good. Touch screen response is fabulous. Notification light is missing.  Few more apps like samsung switch, auto zipping of unused app, should have been preloaded. The charging cable length is not a standard one. Cost cutting? No headphone is provided. No built in antena for FM radio. Even the the phones in the price band of Rs1500/- do have built in antena for FM radio. Surprises why Samsung not included in this M20 variant.
What I Like:  Battery Display Performance Fingerprint scanner: It's really fast.  What I didn't like:  - Face recognition: Very hard to unlock in low light. It’s USELESS. - Back panel: Doesn't look attractive. It's plastic. - Weight: Feels a bit heavy. (Well there is a 5000 mah battery fitted inside this machine. You have to compromise)  CAMERA is average. Mi and Realme phones in this price range have better camera quality.  Endnote: If you are a die hard Samsung user then this  is the phone you should buy around Rs 10,000 - 14000. This phone is not what you are expecting it to be like previous Samsung phones - J series, ON series. M series phones have comparatively better performance and battery life. But I would recommend you to buy a Redmi phone (Note 7 series) or a Realme phone in this price range. Samsung is still struggling in budget phones.
The Phone has good look thats all. Cam is pathetic if not more.. In this era of Cam phones.. lagging by miles The charger is a C type but not a fast charger by any means. The finger print reader is far too up n u have to really reach for it. Face Recognition is far from okay also. Phone hangs a bit. Though only for 12k but doesn't really justify it.  A 2 starer overall.  After 4 months of use.. 1 star.. can't even compare to Vivo n Oppo.. in same range...  Money wastage.. totally  Now not even worth one 🌟
I am writing this review after 1week usage of samsung m20. PROS: 1. The screen quality is superb nice display. 2. Battery is good, I am charging two days once only. Charging timing lease than 3 hrs. 3. We have larger storage 32gb which is more than enough for me. 4. Very light even 5000 mah battery. CONS. 1. First the camera is not expected level, low light Photos are very average quality, overall it’s a decent, if you are a camera lover then it’s not your choice. 2. Sound volume is very slow, it can be little louder. Overall performance is good.  The package was not good previously they have used cotton boxes for the mobiles phones, but now a days they simply packed with cover only, which is bad, we never expect from amazon.
If you are planning to buy this phone please consider these things, These are my observations. Pros: Display is good Battery is good Provided fast charger in the box and usb type c These are the only positive points I find in this device. Cons: 1. Finger print is bad very slow and failed to recognise sometimes, I turned finger print off all the time 2. User interface feels slow day to day usage is not that great even though it is new phone it feels slow I don't know it will after 1 year. Redmi devices are way better in this department 3. If you want to play PUBG stay away from this phone.
Pros: 1. Gorgeous display FHD+, the only point to love this phone at this price. 2. Update to One UI, great Ui to interact with. 3. Mobile design looks premium, actually better than what in photos. I ordered a black which has a shiny look to it. So great job Samsung. 4.5000MAH battery, although draining is little fast like 1 HR of casual browsing brings down from 99% to 82%.  Cons: 1. Camera is just not ok. The camera interface is good but their is a great lag in image processing. U will get hazy and washed out images and distortion is common on zoom. May be upgrade to M30 would be a better option, don’t know? 2. Fingerprint sensor is a nightmare! Bad placement in such a huge phone and sensitivity is crab! 3. ScreenTouch proximity is low. Like if u have used a high end phone u I’ll feel the difference. 4. The shocking one is the sound which is really low. Just one down firing speaker for output, If blocked by any mean, may God help u in receiving the call. 5. Price is little high compared to it’s competitors.  About speed, didn’t find any lags. Galaxy store app(pre installed) will cheat u by automatic installing unwanted and nonproductive apps even u disabled the download option.  Overall: It is the best display phone in this price with Samsung’s One UI support. But certainly need improvements in camera sensors, speaker quality, fingerprint sensor!
Fingerprints is ok but sometimes its can't read n says its dirty so clean it Camera quality is up to the mark but not fully satisfied with DSLR blur effect bec its has certain minimum range to capture with this effect Battery life is truly good I'm m satisfy if fully charge it gives full backup upto 8 to 10 hours with remaining 30% to 40 % back The screen protector inbuilt appy by Samsung is not good it's not scratch proof so it's not fully protect your screen from damage you have to appy some extra from market for better protection Samsung work great hear but they are not totally satisfy to customer as my personal experience they give dev drop display but is just for good looking not useful while watching videos its can't use full screen compare to real me mobile phone they have option to hide or display notch while playing videos or other thing Samsung gives it only for applications for full screen or hide notch
1-Camera quality is average. 2-battery backup is great. 3-now fast charging is taking more time as comparison to first 5 days. 4- best looking phone. 5-finger and face unlock is slow compare to other phones 6- type c charging port is plus point in this segment.  Overall if u r samaung fan so u can buy it but if u wanna spend ur money for excellent device so better go for xiaomi
Samsung is alright at higher range. It has spent last few years competing with Apple. Now after a while its just trying to get its act together. There are better products out there. UI is thoroughly monetized. Worst than google. You have to dwell deep to disable some of their pesky ads. Seems Samsung is dying, just seems this is their last straw. Hardware is noting to write about. Got a big battery but because of the UI it just does not work. Both LG and Samsung where good at making screens. They could have harnessed that but don't know the strategy is now days...be stupid...or stupider...
Daily task ok. Good screen. Very very good for videos.  Very very bad camera. Like my previous 6k android phone. Heavy. After 30 minutes hands feels pain. Battery drain faster. In night it drain 3% means 150mh. where as my previous phone as drain 3% means 75mh. I think its Processor takes much power then other. Edit- after software update camera quality improve.
This phone got old processer having heating problem, if you are playing any game please put gloves to protect your hands from scorching...This much MAH battery is of no use which drains rapidly while using heavy applications...screen is not optimized and if in a day you are using it screen drain your battery to 60-70%. but if you are not using it for heavy uses than phne is good and really does make sense to spend 15000 if you are not going to use it heavily. Camera:- Photo taken using this camera are really fabricated..its like i am the eighth wonder of the world...Camera is not capturing anything real. picture taken is projected to high light leaving all natural effect. i am an average looking person but photos taken using this camera are like i am the most handsome guy.
it is frequently hanging for even phone calls.  forget about any app opening, i could not complete my many phone calls due to hanging during lifting the phone itself. i did not see this type of worst phone for 10000 segment. there is no point  in calling this as a phone as we cannot receive the phone calls due to hanging during lifting the call. I lost the faith  on samsung company itself. Even I thought of purchasing M30S by exchange this phone, however, that is also having similar processor. i have gone through so many reviews and experts suggesting that this phone is not suitable for gaming. the experts review is proven wrong that this is not even suitable for receiving the phone calls itself.
Why you to NOT buy this phone. 1.both camera are very very bad as comparing to other phones which is coming from this price segments. 2. Very very bad performance you can't able to play pubg in low setting. Its lagging every time. 3. Loudspeaker sound was very very low. Seriously these are major three ISSUED with this phone ..
Reviewing after 3+ months of daily use. This phone is beautiful in the first look. But as you use it you all come to know that this phone is only about display and battery. The phone lags often and responsiveness is very bad when some apps are open in the backgroung. I have used MI phones of the same price range and they are way better. Fingerprint unlock takes 1 sec+ if the phone has been in sleep for some time. Is very annoying. Camera quality is bad as well. Works good only of lighting is better. If you love the brand Samsung, then go for it. But for everyone else, there are other better options.
Well, the good things are all out there, so no need to mention them. But a few problems I am facing right now are 1. Brightness sensor is very disappointing and moody. 2. Touch on the edges is a little problematic. 3. Fingerprint sensor placement is not very comfortable, although sensor works satisfactorily. 4. Not for gamers. 5. Lags a bit while changing in between multitasking tabs. 6. Body is very prone to fingerprints and scratches. Well, in some cases only my piece might be at fault but, most of them are very common problems among the handset majority of customers are facing. => Battery life is very good and lasts for about 24 to 36 hours on moderate usage. => Camera is satisfactory, although there are better versions available in same price range. => Looks are very good and it looks great and is very comfortable to handle. Note: PUBG does not work properly, and lags a lot. So, PUBG players should avoid buying this handset or heavy gamers in general.  Phone is good for day to day operations and is good for working people.
Fingerprint reader -  reader is not fast enough and also it read when you put your finger cover reader.  Front camera - worse than that i expected.  Rear camera - satisfying  but not too much. And some time its go blur too much.  This mobile screen freeze  sometimes  and that so irritating.  Battery  life - Samsung  promises battery  life  uninterrupted  when you play video 2 days but it too short and low battery.  Network strength - This Mobile  is compatible with 4g lte system but this phone not have some lte bands missing because 4g, 4g volte ,hspa(3g)  network only one bar strength  see in my Samsung  m20  charcoal  black.  Another problem  is internet  access of data cut out during the incoming  and  outgoing  calls .whenever in other competitor  like redmi note 5 pro you can run youtube during talk to your loveones .  This Mobile have PLS TFT screen not even good as led screen .  Currently i am so much suffering  from  anxiety  due to brought this phone by 2 month and i am really so disappointed Samsung.  When i was going to buy this phone my friend  said please dont buy Samsung  phone because they are hangs and freeze quiet a lot but i dont hear a one word and buy it but i am so feel short between them.
I bought this phone for my Dad.. overall the phone is ok.. it's not fit for the young peoples who spend much time in games and online Battery life: I'm using one 6 which had a battery life of 3000 mah.. it's similar to this.. but its mentioned as 5000 mah.  Camera: Evan Samsung j7 camera quality is... Better.. than.. this.. rear camera is good.. but front cam is.. worst.. compared to others..  Sound quality: it's good.  Overall the phone is ok.. for my Dad.. this review is as per me... But battery and cam it Should be viewed seriously
For the first time amazon disappointed me. After, the delivery of the phone and usage i was not satisfied by and the camera quality and laginess of the phone i wanted to return the phone within the return period as they mentioned that the phone is returnable. I was tension free, but when i tried to place the return request I was unable to do this.then I called on customer care but what they said is you are required to download a testing app from Samsung and if the app test results in any error or problem only then we can return the phone and friends camera issue and laginess of the phone was never detectable by the testing app. So be carefully if you order this phone then remember that they are saying return policy but the phone is not returnable until any hardware problem.
Samsung M20 offers a decently high battery.Although not a perfect 5000 Mah battery .Lasts about a day with medium to high usage. Although the ram is 4 gb, Apps take a while to open and close which is a major setback of this phone. Processing speed is also quite slow which is again a setback .User interface is very nice ,better than Xiaomi at least because it doesn’t have annoying ads .Camera is fairly good for its specification for it can take moderate photographs with average sharpness and resolution.
This is updated review after 8months of use. Now Frequently It gets stuck/hang. The touchscreen had become less responsive and i have to face problem while receiving the call and also while stoping reminder bells.  Following is old review which is valid even today. Selfy is very bad. Rear Camera is average. Many times image appear like painting.it does not  focus the image accurately.  display is average, white light is emitted when we view the screen at flatter angle. Touch is not sensitive, its slow and many time it does not work. Similarly finger print sensor is very slow and we have to touch the sensor at particular angle.  Battery stamina is good. It camera captures almost original color. Voice quality is good.
@WHEN RECEIVED NEW DEVICE@ when I removed the plastic over the mobile. it was feeling like some repair work done on mobile. when I checked properly, I found a big gap between the display and plastic body. I can see the internal part of the mobile. (YOU CAN SEE IN THE PHOTOS) also, the screen auto-lock is too slow. it's irritating.  @WHEN RECEIVED REPLACED DEVICE@ the rare camera got the hang. the front camera got to hang. front face lock was not working. when Amazon tested with their BLANCOO App bot camera failed in the test. (YOU CAN SEE IN THE PHOTO)  whenever I ordered in Amazon offer, i received a product like that. indian government should think about this website.
Pro: 1. The display of the phone is really good, fingerprint n face recognition are quite fast. 2. The rear camera does pretty good with wide angle. 3. Battery is massive. 4. Sound quality is good and pretty loud. 5. Type c charging for this price n brand is attractive n does decently. Cons: 1. Front camera is disappointing or should I say depressing 😖😢   Rear wide angle camera when used, Looks like fish eye effect at the edges. 2. Bad call quality, call could be over heard. Was confused if the loudspeaker was on😠 3. Faced a glitch while switching between apps. 4. Charging from 20% to 100% took 2hours🙄   Only till 50% its charging faster..after that   it's a tortoise race. 5. Bluetooth did not connect to my bluetooth speaker or headphones.
The phone is working fine. Very happy with the battery performance. The mobile is not heating much  even after prolonged use. The camera performance is just ok can not be called great as true colors are not being captured. Unable to set the theme of my choice and forcefully making me to accept default wallpaper.  Antenna is poor, I have to always go to a window at home or office to talk.  Another issue, the phone gets into silent mode on it's own and due which I miss many calls.  The biggest disadvantage is the ads. First, I have to unlock the phone to receive a call. As soon as I unlock an ad pops up covering the entire screen and sometimes before I locate the close button to close the ad, the call gets disconnected. To disconnect a call also I have to deal with ads. Samsung should do something to stop these  ads they are very annoying as they just pop up everywhere. Also these ads eats into my data.
Design - Front look is very attractive, back side just Ok  Face recognition and sensor - good  Battery - doesn’t seem 5000 mah, will not last for 1 day use  Camera - quality average  Speed - just OK  Not recommended for gamers and those fond of taking pictures.
After using it for 5 months, I realised that it's an Average phone. The phone in blue looks good,  it's sleek and light. Got a fantastic battery life and didn't hang all these 5 months. Never used this phone for gaming so I don't know if it's good for heavy use. BAD is the only word for its camera. Even though it has a Wide Angle View, the photo quality is 'Average' for Rear Camera and 'Very Bad' for Front Camera. The phone is for only good enough for calling and messaging. Rs. 9990 mein itna hi milega.  My review is based while comparing with my previous phone,  which was a Lenovo Z-2 Series.
Galaxy M20 is overall good deal to buy, fingers scanner work quickly. Camera performance is not as my expectations it's not capture the natural colours, wide angle camera performance is same as normal one, live focus is doing great job focus is not loose while making a video. I'm totally impressed with the battery life and M20 support of fast changing and you can save your battery life by using night mode and power mode. The one thing which give it bad impression is gaming, if you're a heavy gamer you'll disappointed with the performance, when I play Asphalt 9 mobile start overheating and the application crash itself, it's really a big issue for any mobile gaming lover. I'll give it 3.5 stars for the overall usability.
Mobile is very good but camera so cheap really I have 4 mobiles but this one of worst camera. Don't know why after huge profit why Samsung can't give complete perfect mobile, every time kahi to Kam dega hi. Why camera quality is bad ? Due to policy can't return now. It's bad deal this time. Amazon delivery superb but still not happy that much for camera and sound quality.  Like Display, Design, Build quality, battery, charger, Screen protection  Dislike Camera, Sound, Low processor, unwanted system apps, Selfie is Joke here, Screen brightness(tried with auto off)
Very worst service.. I thought Amazon is good.. Worst seller. all defective parts.  Didnt expect this.. fed up completely. tried n no of times samsung as well as amazon customer care.. Oopppsss.. no response from both. I was using samsung for the past 4 years. No complaints. such a nice mobile. That's y I believed that brand and bought this worst mobile. Now the standard of samsung becomes very worst.. worst service centers..my suggestion don't go for samsung pls... i m facing many hardware issue within 1 day.. too bad... I have wasted Rs. 11,000 on this.  customer service person disconnecting my call very very very worst .........................
After using Redmi phones for over three years and having been a user of Samsung mobiles before that, I can say that samsung has done nothing, absolutely nothing since last 4 to 5 years in the UI department. Feels like using a primitive device.  Apart from that, RAM optimization isn't very good. The phone lags sometimes even while using some lightweight apps. The cameras, especially the wide angle one, isn't worthy of even a mention. The only positives are screen and battery life. I don't see myself using this phone for more than a few months.
My family has been using Samsung for 20 years and never we have come across such a phone. I got this for my mom and it doesn't work. The phone keeps on hanging, the touch is so poor that when you are something on the phone the keyboard will open on it's own and start typing things.. The screen keeps on dancing all the time that we have to switch it off and again switch on. When you are talking to someone on call, the phone again gets hanged and you can't hear anything what the person on the other side is saying. Reported this issue to customer care, they said that there was a bug in the software which will be gone once they launch an software update but even after the new software update the phone is still the same.  Very disappointing performance. All in all, it's not worth anything
Display Display quality is below average .shows more bluish colour and fuzzy text and low contrast in night.night light is not adjustable.  Camera Camera is also very weak worst dynamic range and oversampled looking images. Metering is also bad.  overall camera is not decent Headphone output is very soft and not pleasing. After a month it shattered badly and worst kind of when it's drop just over a feet .
Display is not very smooth. touch is  slow, face unlock is also slow. Battery charged fast with 3x fast charger. But in comparison with Moto turbo charger its slow.  Battery backup is not as 5000 mah. its like 4200-4500 mah. Camera has no option to stop shutter sound. while camera is  very good with some nice features. Some internal feature is good.  Some times mobile hang, while i do not have any game in mobile.  Contact dialer needs more improvement. Overall a good mobile in this budget. Please take 4GB 64 Gb version.  6.5 star in 10 from side.
Bought this couple of weeks back and been using as my primary phone. Below are some of the things that I have noticed:  +ve’s: Bright, Vibrant display. Only phone to offer wide angle camera at this price range at this point of time. 5000 mAh battery with USB type C support. Fast Charging. Better after sale support. Dolby Atmos is a plus if you are carrying a good headphone/earphone.  -ve’s: Struggles with stable performance. Bitter Gaming experience. Less powerful processor compared to Snapdragon 636. No Notification LED. Plastic Glossy finish is a dissapointment.  If you’re into heavy gaming then this is not for you but if you wish to have a sturdy reliable smartphone for daily usage with good battery life for a complete day and performance from big brand then Samsung Galaxy M20 is a good choice.
At 3 GB Ram you expect a great performance. But the performance is soooooo poor as most of the time the ram is full of junk. Very slow phone despite repeated attempts of re-setting. Phone hangs every hour! Phone rings but you can not see the display.... With slow response...you have no clue if the phone is working or just hung! Samsung! what a disappointment.
 I got the phone and instantly noticed that it was heating for no reason, even when no apps were running. Also the screen suddenly is unresponsive. I contacted Amazon saying I got a defective product and then they told me to install some diagnostics app. They say that your phone, according to the tool, has passed all tests and it is working fine. I told them that I will send you video evidence of it suddenly not working. They said we don't accept video evidence. I certainly will not buy from amazon anymore. I have posted one of the videos of the phone clearly having issues.
The phone is extremely slow while operating with few apps. The response time is high and also few serious problems with the phone, like volume (extremely low), speaker voice is low, even the ringtones are not upto the mark and low volume as well. Highly dissatisfied. Also so many errors were observed. Many times hanged like 2003-2005 era phones. Seems to be bending due to overheating and slow response. It takes 6 seconds to disconnect a  all, surprising.
Display of this phone is not good. I found hanging issue always while using multiple screen. Also touch is not good as compare to MI or HONOr. Also there is no notification light present. In order to open screen always need to click on power button which is not good. Total dissatisfaction from Samsung. Wanted to return but they denied to return the same.
Samsung is the looser again vis a vis Xiaomi, Oppo, Vivo... - Poor network signal reception - Poor interface... - Xynos is sluggish... - useless default Samsung apps eating storage space. - Poor cameras, both rear and front, live focus never focuses on the face detected. - notifications popping up, even after turning off the settings... – even after the latest update in June19, phone hangs, screen freezes, some buttons work on their own...  Totally Disappointed.... Not recommended to buy... DON'T GO BY THE PAID PROMOTIONAL ARTICLES.  Even 1 star is NOT deserved, after having updated it in July, 2019. Still Hangs every now & then, signal and voice loss issue, no improvement in camera pic quality...  After another software update in Sept.,19, it is functioning erratically still... new issue Sim1(Jio) is getting turned off on its own. Other issues remains as it is......
Very Bad experience.....now a days samsung company is cheating.... To be in the competition they are selling cheap materials in the name of Samsung..... I cant expect it from such a renowned brand.... Mujhe phle se hi pata tha ki aaj kal samsung market me kachre ke naam par itna paisa le raha hai.... But mere father k viswas ke wajah se aaj mujhe regret krna pad raha hai... I gifted my father samsung galaxy M20 on 02/02/2019 and (23/10/19)today i received a call from my home stating the phone is dead.... We send our brother to service center wgich is 45 km far from our home and there he got reply in a rude way that come after diwali abhi nhi ban skta aur bina check kiye bol rhe hai ki iska motherboard kharab hai.... Aap baad me aana to check krke batayenge..... Very very bakwaass company.... Right now I am feeling cheating and looted..better to go for Mi, Honor, realme, one plus.
Phone is made of plastic and looks like other chines phones. AI selfi camera is not good as it will make you pics flat, also figure print sensor is not easy to use as it should be in middle of phone body. 3gb model is slow while using multiple apps and I would suggest to for 4gb if you are looking to play games. Phone is not hand as it is vey big and overweight.
Rear camera is wide angled but low quality. Touch is bad, many times unresponsive.  Earpiece also creates some rattling noise while on call. Also some times keys remains continously pressed even after you remove the finger. Less features than Mi. Also it hangs sometimes. Screen is big and clear. FACE AND FINGERPRINT reader are not so quick. Earlier I was using Mi Note 3, it was much better.
I am writing this after 5 days of use -  Pros Battery Life Look Rear Camera in daylight Fast Charging  Cons Front camera is not at all good. In low light if you click pic it will like clicking a pic from Chinese phone . Quality of Display and screen is not upto the mark. Face recognition in low light do not work. Mobile not for gamer specially PUBG.  Overall - Mobile is good camera works good in daylight, nothing extra in the name of wide angle view because image quality do not remain the same. Mobile good for working person as the backup is good and also fast charging.
Samsung says the 'M' in M20 stands for millennial, as we know millennials take selfies but no millennial would like to take selfies from the godforsaken front camera. So I would say the 'M' rather stands for middle age.  Still it has better display and ui than godforsaken Chinese phones. Also samsung is samsung, they focus on quality experience rather than specs.  Don't go for it, the ui lags and camera is worst. Samsung again failed to charm in budget segment. Also all 5 star reviewers are either superdumb or fake.
I am writing this review after using mobile 8 months only. Mobile working fine till 7 months, in 8th month the problem started like charging. Some times due to winter climate, the charging will not happen, and show error as moisture in the charging cable, so charging will not happen. So we have to remove back cover and keep open for some time and then after reconnecting the charging will happen. There is a issue of Charging. Don't know either problem in charging cable or charging port of mobile. Removing the back cover is very difficult and hectic.  Plz think before you buy this mobile once again.
1.In screen Finger print reader is a really bad idea if you can't really make it happen properly samsung. Big flop. It doesn't read ur finger easily and takes too much time. 2. Camera quality is fine. nothing much below expectations in this price tag. 3. Battery life is average 1 Day.  When you unlock the phone or say when you wake it up in mrng it will take a little while to show you welcome screen as first it will show the message that phone is starting up as if u have switched it on. very very slow in processing . don't  buy this crap. rather go for any basic phone in 10000 price segment it may satisfy you up to some extent but M20 will disappoint. I have not installed any third party application still it hangs while i receive any call and the screen wont show you pop up for call
Worst, No use of 5000mah battery. I got this mobile to my mom. She use it very very light. But yet the charge is not lasting more than a day. I have used Mi, Azus, they are far better than this Samsung. other than the display and camera nothings is good in this phone. The phone internal performance is also very bad.  My end point is it is better to buy a Mi, Asus, Redme etc than this Samsung. Samsung cheats in the name of its brand value but no customer satisfactions
Worst phone 5000 battery drain in 1day with simple use so called fast charger takes 2.5 hours full charge but built quality is only good no headphone Samsung in budget phone always worst
I came to know that this is a non refundable product only after purchase. Though the display and battery are good, cameras are really bad even for this price. The selfie camera is over exposed and there too much artificiality in photos. Back cameras are slightly better but not good. The performance is laggy at times.  I am finding quality of pictures worse than samsung J2pro which costs lesser. Cameras in old motog5splus are way better.  Buy this phone only if you don't care about cameras.
The phone randomly reboots. And has issues with call quality and speaker. But as this started just a day after the warranty given by Amazon, I am being asked to contact the service center. And now the hassle begins - niether can use the phone nor have to sit worry free about servicing. Would  have been better buying Redmi or Xiaomi instead of this Samsung!
Samsung galaxy M20 keeps hanging. Whatsapp features aren't working properly even after updating OS. Selfie camera quality is good but rear camera gives shaky photos like ut is too sensitive of even blood circulation of our hands hurts the quality of the picture which we take from this camera. This needs to be resolved samsung mobile.  I think Blood beats shouldn't effect the shaky thing of the camera quality. Battery life is amazing. The hanging problem of samsung handsets remains the same in this handset too.
please dont purchase from amazone its new product of samsung and ther is no good perfom this phone camera did not good i will purchase it from deal but phone will automaticaly shut down and did not wake up from power buttun after that i will make soft reset and it will wake up i will complain it to amazone they are make some unsetified answer to me they did not exchange my phone i have 10 day replacment warranty but they are  not help me
Kept in my pocket with my Office Id Card (No Metal , all plastic) , still this Samsung Cheap Model Screen managed to get a scratch on it , had use Honor , And other Chinese models , they have a better screen Quaility then this , also the colors are not as vibrant as LCD screen , Note this is a TFT screen .  And the mobile is 2 X heavy then any normal mobile phone Back Panel is ugly .  Good thing is battery and cost
I was using Redmi for the past few years and selected Samsung for a change.  1)  In terms of performance, Redmi is better than this Samsung phone. One of the issues I faced when we click nothing happens some times.  If I use the lock button and unlock again and it will work. But overall there is a delay in all these operations.  2) Addressbook contacts were displayed incorrectly.  Several contacts had shown a different name. when I edit the contact the name is correct, but when the call comes it shows another name ( this is not from Truecaller or any other app) same issue on WhatsApp messaging as well. The name is shown differently for a few contacts.  I had to delete the contact and recreate it to fix this issue.  Battery life is good and I appreciate it.
It was all good at first then after 7 days, the touch on screen stops working  suddenly. Also the phone gets touched without touching,  idk why its happening, and you have to lock and unlock the phone to get it work again, now its starting to happen more often, and it sucks, never expected something like this from a brand like Samsung. I always loved Samsung  but it disappointed  me so much, I will never buy a Samsung  phone again. Now I can't even return the product as the retuned window was closed...
This Phone is not proper at all , its fingerprint is slow ,and the amazing thing is that it is not a waterproof phone and felt so disappointed that its Power Button started not working after it felt in water that was also a little bit water on chair , after that it got automatically volume increased and decreased , i switched off the phone and kept it in a airtight rice bowl after a day it got cleared the vapour in cameras but finally the power button has stopped working, About Battery, it is fast charging i agree that but it is a fast charge losing phone also  , About camera it is Good and clear , the live focus sometime not blurs at some corner while taking a persons photo , gaming is good  but not excelent some times its walpaper get displaced after coming back home from game like pes 2019 etc (all of the above details are my own experience with M20 4 +64Gb, black varient)
In this phone fast charge is not work proper. Only 10% - 12% charge in one hour in mobile, I experienced this daily... Very bed... Please don't buy... It... Please fast charging is didn't work.... Plz plz don't buy it.
this model has problem with UI/Software and by the time u find it and decide to return/exchange window will be closed return window is short on purpose .touch screen stops responding or gets remarkably slow compared to 5 yrs old HTC mobile!!! However detailed feedback is below. Expected better product from Samsung when all the hype around M series, but disappointed with what we get!! Below are pros and cons with 15 days of usage. Pros 1. Decent battery life depends on your usage. 2. Good screen size  Cons 1. Average camera quality when compared with other brands 2. Finger print sensor compared to other brands( Moto G series) is pretty slow response. 3. Heavier than normal phones due to battery. 4. Battery not removable, not sure how long it lasts. 5. Worst part Samsung can't afford to provide hands free, unacceptable. 6. Observed lag even with 4 GB memory, lot of unwanted apps comes pre-installed and eats up space. Definitely would not recommend M 20, if you are looking to buy decent phone and spend around 12k !! Definitely better phones available at this price range.
About this phone, I would say, good things are good camera, good build, storage , battery life . Issues I faced are less signals, fingerprinted reader does not work , phone heats up ( although Samsung not heat up, but seems M series do heatup. If coming to overall review I would not recommend Samsung M series phone . Other phone in same series are quite good
Hello guys, I am writing this review after I think 5 to 6 months later purchasing this product. And I am not at all satisfied with the product. In fact after doing all the exercise I am of this opinion that the Samsung is cutting cost by compromising quality for sure.  I am saying this because earlier I was using Mi redmi 4A which was working superb. I thought that lets upgrade the phone and I bought this mobile which turn in pain for me. The quality of network reception is so bad that many places it just doesn't catch network.  I went to customer service with this problem they have change the mothee board but problem stayed unchanged. After that i asked them what to do ? They straight away lift their hands and ask me to talk to customer care. Which I did so but to no avail.  So friends my suggestion here is to not to go for such compromised quality phone when u have better options available in market.  Thank you for reading and be careful ...
Before starting using my new galaxy M20, it got hanged and I couldn't use it until the battery drained off. It has 5000amp better, so it doesn't drain off quick and I had to wait for 3 days. Also there is no option of getting it replaced because it Hangs since when the technician visits and checks, unfortunately the phone works fine and doesn't hang. Hang means you can't switch off, you can't switch on, no screen, no buttons working, all you can do is look at it and cry on your decision of buying galaxy M20..
Pros: 1) Superb battery backup, it takes two hour to full charge, and with a moderate use i.e streaming YouTube playing games and using social media for half of the day, it lasts easily  two days. 2) Rest of the things are ok, I am taking it for granted which could b expected from 12000/- Cons: 1) Camera is not up to mark, dual camera 13 megapixel  all seems to be bullshit if it can't  click a decent picture, all these dual and triple camera are just marketing  strategy, my Lenovo k5 vibe 3 year old phone even clicks better pic than this phone. 2) Just unnecessary  long screen  which is actually  of no use, bcoz non of the video at any platform is created of aspect ratio 19.5:9, they all are 18:9 ; so what happens  actually  is when you play a video in landscape two wide black strips will be visible to you on either side and if you zoom in to fit to screen so that you can experience  the immersive  feeling  which they were advertising top and bottom portion of image goes off.
The tagline should be changed from "I'm infinite" to "My screen freezes and have ghost touch".  Very very disappointed due to this problem. I am OK about the considerably slow finger print reader and face recognition. I would have praised the rich specs available for the reasonable price. But I face Screen Freeze and Ghost Touch issues at least 40 times a day.  Online forums do not even acknowledge the problem and a software update with solution for this seems to be optimistic to the point of idiotic.
No heptic feedback for the soft keys and keyboard. Sometimes screen got freezed and neither fingerprint works nor face recognition. App takes more than normal time to open. Even systeyapps like settings app takes time to open. Not upto mark. Canera is a plus point at this price. Battery is really good. Lasts more than a day.  Display design is awesome. We can expect these missing features to be fixed in the future updates.
i didn't like camera at all, J2 has good camera than this mobile... MI Note 5, 6 and 7 (pro) is better in this range Samsung was famous for Almond display and camera both of these are not in this mobile, I bought this after taking review of #TechnicalGuruji but the review was fully biased in favour of Samsung. if you bought u will regret for Camera especially for selfi that blurred to much. i was expected that samsung will do something new, but nothing is new Mi has better technology than samsung.
1)  Performance was not good, some time its take too much time in processing and installation. 2)  rear camera quality is ok,but front camera quality is very very poor. 3) i had go to service center after then 4 days of purchasing, due to fingerprint scanner issues 4) touch are not smooth. And most disappointing point is the Amazon's technician are declined my returning request. They do some online  checkups and declined my returning request 5) only battery performance was good  * so,I'll suggest you  to not to buy
This M series like all other Samsung series is a big scam. Yes they are providing so much features for less price but once you buy the phone, you will realise that every this is bad. Be it camera, finger print and dont even get me started on top notch display. My display went blank in 15 days of use and Amazon has only 10 days replacement policy. I went to Samsung care and they said they will charge money for changing it because display is not under warranty, wtf. It's not just with me,seeing this beautiful ad, my friend bought M40 and has to suffer same problem.  Though he was lucky his display went black on 4th day so he returned and bought some other phone. I also met 6-7 other customers at Samsung care with same issue. Dont buy I suggest. ~A sincere frustrated customer
First of all, if you are here for the CAMERA, I am sorry to tell you I dont give 2 cents to a camera, So this is not the place for stuff like that. With that part out of the way, LET'S JUST JUMP INTO IT. ----------------------------------------------------------- I have uploaded some AIDA64 snaps, take a look at it for specs. Okay, if you are reading this review after all of that gargon I just puked you are most probably pretty well versed in technical stuff, so I will more emphasis on hardware rather than software as the latter can be seen from the snaps.  HARDWARE - ¤This is an all-plastic phone, so the first thing you should do is to rush and buy a screen guard and cover for this bugger, because this backplate I gonna have a lot of scratches. ¤TFT screen, the standard for budget phones. ¤The buttons feel clicky and do their job unexpectedly good. ¤5000mAh Li-Po battery, won't argue on how much it lasts as it depends on usage, but expect atleast 2-3 days if you are moderate user (subjective) ¤PRAISE THE ALL-MIGHTY, There is an headphone jack!! ¤The notch is kinda there, but you wont notice it that much (#dealwithit) ¤The face sensor is kinda slow, even on fast sensing, your best bet is fingerprint sensor, which is pretty good tbh. ¤GSM/HSPA/LTE network tech. ¤See the chipset, CPU, GPU from snaps. ¤Can't comment about thermals, as I do most of the heavy duty stuff on PC. ¤MONO SPEAKERS, YOU ARE WARNED!!  SOFTWARE - ¤#RemoveBloatware seriously, this phone gets loaded with couple of bloatware from the start, remove/disable them as per need. I personally have removed nearly all bloatware and installed my own substitutes in their place, sorry Samsung Max :p ¤The blue light filter is pretty bad, get a competitive one ASAP ¤The phone is pretty snappy, so no qualms there and you will most likely have 500-1000MB free RAM available at a time. ¤The pop-up multiscreens are pretty dope, especially useful in COV (chat over video) scenarios. ¤The 'Dolby Atmos' is surprisingly good, give it a try for yourself, almost makes me forgot them for putting MONO SPEAKERS!  Well, I don't feel like I can add anything to this review, will update it when I find something new.  Overall, I find this to be a good attempt by Samsung into the budget phone array, some gaping holes (MONO SPEAKERS), some gracious glories (HEADPHONE JACK), whether they can keep this momentum going or get fizzled out by established budget brands like Mi is story of another time.
I purchased this phone and delivered on 20 March 2019 , After using i saw Heat issue and its hang . what  phone with 4 gb ram is hang ., then i put for return multiple call done and finally got one help . they told me download an app then ask for pin then they checked from their side and said all ok please use . Now after that checkup suddenly data is reducing very fast and for this they have no solution ........................... . Please do not go for samsung now . they are not taking it back and amazon also not taking it back
Touchscreen is not very effective and becomes annoying sometimes. Not expected from a present smartphone era where a normal effective touchscreen is the basic requirement of touch phone. Camera pic quality is not as per the pixel given. Other smartphone cameras with less pixel value gives much better pics. Flash pics are totally ineffective. Pics without any movement of object n phone only comes ok ok only. Any slight movement of anything is blurred ???? Not expected with the specs of camera given
the expectation for getting this phone was to get the latest OS features and speed as compared to my previous phone for which it failed totally. Still my old phone(J7 2016 1.5 GB) is faster enough to compete this 4GB RAM. pros- battery camera and other hardware features are good. cons- Processor - it might not be good to try new processor which is not tested well . the UI is not responding very well ... it looks Samsung did not tested mobile well before publishing. try to find some contact and click on details ... the mobile will take 1-2 min just to display the contact details. there are so many issues on UI side that need to taken care by Samsung ASAP.
This phone sucks .. so much .. that.. it will suck more when you think that no phone can suck. I literally threw this away . It's bad .. don't waste your time and money.. every thing in the phone is bad.. camera, processor, ram, storage.  All sucks on every level. I broke this phone on purpose so that I should be motivated to buy a new one .
Except battery life all other claims made by Samsung are wrong. It is a cheap product and Samsung with not be able to compete with MI due to 3rd class quality. I preferred Samsung over MI but now realizing it is a mistake. Bought same set in Mar 19 also and had to return due to software defective. Thought it may be a odd instance.  Again bought M20 in prime day sale but realising I should have gone for MI. M20 has cheap Samsung processor, so it hangs a lot. You receive call but screen remains black only, so do not know who us calling and how to take call. Do not buy this mobile, instead go for MI. Samsung will go down further with such bad quality products. They are not concentrating in quality. Only reducing price point will not give them a better position or market leadership. It will meet same fate as Nokia.
Ok mobile not for camera lovers
I bought a headache for myself buying this phone online from Amazon.No customer support whatsoever.the sim slots are defective resulting in limited network connectivity  and no data speed.No tech expert is available  and the smart check app doesnot get operative without data.phone was delivered  on 26 apr19.
Packaging 1. Did not have thermocol protection inside the box. Must have a bumpy ride. Performance 1. Flashlight did not start. Had to restart phone. 2. SD memory intermittently goes undetected on it's own and then comes back on it's own. 3.Keypad often get frozen and I have to wait till it comes back. 4. Camera picture is not good at all. Body texture is good but with a sharp point at one point.  They allotted a service technician to inspect who claims that he is no longer with Amazon. What a joke!!
Mobile was very bad.heet during call.siglnals issue.pls if buy anyone this as a think that it is budget friendly so its ur mistake.i waste my money on this bad product
I got this device for my mother but I don't think she can use it because of the excessive amount of bloatware pre-loaded onto this phone. There are so many useless 3rd party apps installed by Samsung which are borderline spam. You cannot even disable many of those. I cannot possibly recommend this phone to anyone unless samsung fixes this. There is no return policy on this device as well, just exchange. Avoid this phone at all costs.
Very bad sound quality over the inbuilt speaker. Speaker output is noisy and not loud. They says Dolby Atmos, by listening music over speaker I can't understand why they fitted a dump speaker to the phone. Meanwhile sound via headphone looks somewhat ok. Battery backup is ok as of now, need to see after one week usage. Face recognition doesn't work in low light and takes a little longer to get the screen wakeup and running. Very bad response from Amazon on replacement due to sound quality issue. They says to install an app to check, installed it and test passs., as you know the app won't verify the quality of sound. Camera images are not high quality, noisy. No notification light. Guys do not buy, just run away from the product.
I got it in the 1st sale. Having some extra expectations as I think it's an effort of samsung as comeback. Very average product with average battery performance. Do not get tempted for 5000 MHA battery, it's worst than 3000 mha. Other brands are out there in much better price and performance. Decent camera and screen.
I would suggest Samsung... Don't compromise with quality and standard... This phone is the worst phone ever I used in my life.... Battery life is good, touch pad is really worst...  Material used by samsung is most cheapest compared to other phones in the market with the same range and lowest range....  Highly disappointed and finally sold at lowest cost bcoz no option of exchange with other phones on Amazon or other shopping websites....
Worst service I have ever seen  by Samsung.  Even so called Chinese phone service is far better than so called branded  Samsung.  I have bought this phone on Feb 6 2019  and within 2 months the data cable is damaged and unable to charge my phone ,  I went to service centre and said the problem they said it is physically damage and unable to replace .  What's type of built quality Samsung is providing. Face recognition is very bad . Battery life is pathetic can't even last for 2 3 hours . Fingerprint reader is damaged.
Overall a mixed bag, with some good surprises and bad. Bought it in Sep 2019, writing review in Nov 2019, after heavy usage. 1. Security features - Pro- are way too good. It allows you to selectively give permission to apps to your phone's contact, media, etc. Con - BUT, overtly security features hinders screenshot taking ability citing " security policy". So if you like a Google image, you can't save it as screenshot. If you need a news article to be saved, or image on website to be saved, it won't allow a screenshot. It severely hinders usage and limits internetknky to surfing, not saving something for future use, never encountered it in other smartphones used till date.  2. Camera - Smartphones are primarily bought for internet, apps  calls and camera. Pro - Above average pictures overall. Con- Lighter shades - Camera is unable to capture picture in natural light, as it is. Rather it adds whitish layer to all pictures. So if you are taking a selfie from front or back camera, either ways you will be captured at least 2-3 shades lighter or fairer. If that is what you want, it can be considered a pro as well coz pictures appear good BUT if you want to capture nature, sun, plants, animals or yourself as you are, then it's a disappointment as it is all in 2-3 shades of white/bright/light, however you want to put it. Out of focus and camera doesn't capture despite wherever you tap - Another MAJOR con is camera fails to focus many a times, thereby capturing blurred images. You try rebooting, reopening camera but still it is completely blurred, and you can't figure out the thing captured. Due to this lack of focus, many a times it doesn't even capture image despite whenever you tap since it is so out of focus, camera fails to click and capture, rendering it useless. You need other people to capture the moment and depend on them to share pictures with you, sad!  3. Battery life - 5/5. Works for 2 days or longer, provided you keep switching data on and off and keep background app usage to minimum.  4. Sound quality - loud and good. Much better than other phones used.  5. Storage- 44GB is a life saver. You can download numerous apps and don't worry about space.  6. Built quality and sturdiness - below average. Other phones when accidentally dropped from bed/couch/road did not shatter, nor developed a crack. This phone's screen got majorly cracked when slipped out of pocket on road. Which seems to be fine since road is hard concrete, but it developed another screen crack chipping off on the edge when dropped from bed in short distance  on tiled floor at home. If it gets dropped no matter how small the distance or smooth the floor, it will crack, always, despite a cover and temper glass! Never found this a problem with any other phones used till date. They drop but body and screen were secure. Probably because the screen of this phone is slightly protuded from the body of the phone, hence whenever it drops, the screen faces direct and most impact, thereby cracking and chipping it off along with body at the edges. Possibly a design flaw.  7. Performance - is great. You can run any no. Of apps and it won't hang or slow down as yet. Hopefully it will remain so despite age and usage. Edited - Performance has turned average. The phone shuts down and reboots on its own when battery reaches 16% mark or when Youtube songs are being played, the phone shuts down automatically even when sufficient battery is remaining.  8. Touchscreen - Faulty. Sometimes nothing happens when the screen is touched. You need to unlock it and you slide k  screen and nothing happens. You have to lock and unlock for touchscreen to work again.  9. Backspace button - while making notes, if one wishes to delete a line or two and you quickly press backspace on keypad a couple of times, it automatically goes into a frenzy deleting ALL your notes in 2 secs. Tapping doesn't stop it, you need to go out of app and come back only to remember what you had written and write again.  10. Zoom - since the screen is a bit protruded, if you handle the screen with one hand using thumb to scroll the news site, then the thumb + the flesh below your thumb on your palm act together kn the screen and it zooms the screen instead of scrolling. You need to use both hands, one to scroll, one to hold the phone or rest phone on something and use ONLY your thumb to scroll. Design flaw probably.
It's been quite a long time since I have been using Samsung M20 , I got it on may 31 so let's say 4 -5 months approx. Good points- *camera quality is really good , initially front camera was really good now it's not that good I say but back camera is still good. I will add some pictures I took from Backcam *Look is okay. *Samsung gives quality product so it will work for years. *Battery is really good, comes with type c charger so fast charging is available Bad points- *initially finger print sensor worked really well now it does not even sometimes I have to type my password instead of using fingerprint. *I personally feel display doesn't work that good. *not good for gaming at all, initially pubg was playing OKAY but now it hangs and I don't feel like playing it at all , so if you are a gamer I would say a big NO. *it was initially fine but now it hangs a lot bcz of pubg taking too much space of RAM or may be bcz it is one of the features that come with Samsung, if you are a gamer I think you should go for mi. Overall I'm okay with this phone but what really irritates me is that it hangs a lot
Let me tell you Normally I won't write review. But The price is equal to Today's phone in market like oppo, Mi, realme. Talking about camera I am dissatisfied. It's worst then oppo and mi. Believe me or not. I compared. Both camera it's won't give you a good quality photo. Now I understand why the price of the phone is so lowered by samsung. They degrade it's quality to make money.
not a great buy. using it for past 9 months. Has lot of issues  - contacts disappear automatically, videos do not startup properly many times, camera is not so great. Only good stuff is the battery life. runs quite long. Even while typing sometimes its not fast and gets stuck at some character. Expected a better product from Samsung having used its earlier mobiles.
Camera is average.  but after 20 minutes mobile starts heating,  Auto brightness doesn't work properly.  this is not the right choice, Don't buy it.  Sometimes, it's apps are open automatically.  Lot of junk samsung pre installed apps. No option to uninstall.  Camera quality is very poor. Painting effect is more in photos if we zoom.  Phone gets overheated if we watch youtube or in memory movies more than 30 to 40mins  Low light image quality is very poor.  Don't waste your money buying this phone.  Samsung has really let me down after all the hype and brilliant marketing of M20.  Don't buy Samsung galaxy M20.  I made a big mistake in trusting the brand "Samsung" blindly.  After 15 days of use touch is not working properly .  Poor built quality, highly disappointed  design was very ugly fully made out of cheap pollycarbonate easily scratch, mobile was very thick and heavy  The fingerprint sensor is too slow.
Please don't buy this phone, very slow ordinary maintenance, very low quality product from Samsung, never works properly always buffering,  I felt very bad, some times it's more slow too, I tried same network's sims in a different mobiles but another one working too good, this may take long time to process each. It's worse performance phone don't buy
As the hype created by Samsung for this phone was huge I was tempted to buy the M20 (64gb variant). For my first app installation from play store the error called installation failed came up. It's been 20 days and I've not been able to install any app through play store and the samsung customer care have troubleshooted the phone numerous times and factory reset the phone as well. Now even if my phone is under warranty I'm being asked to pay for the service center charges. A very unethical tactic to harass customers
Bought my first Samsung phone after using redmi note 6 pro. Long list of problems in phone. Don't ever buy. Touch and UI is so lagging. Many times you can't receive calls. You have to switch phone screen on and off to get it working Charger is not connected still it shows charging. Network coverage is so bad It Will show full network but while calling it says not registered on network. Have to put in flight mode to get it working. Switched from 4000mah to 5000mah but still backup is only a day. WiFi calling shows connected as vowifi even no WiFi is connected. List goes on .....
After use of 1 week touch started working on its own and it is automatically doing some actions worst product dear amazon team kindly open return window for me I wanna return this product
after 24 hours review, just inserted the sims, and started installing general apps, then mobile surprising me by Heating...Samsung M20|4GB,  Amazing cheat by Amazon.... you can feel heat whenever your using the mobile, then i Called amazon asked them to replace it not to refund money, don't have an option also,, he said, its a common issue, he told me to install baccon app, and he checked it , its normal issue,(its normal to them not for users) if your phone temperature exceeds 48 degrees, then they will replace, It's my 5th Samsung phone ,which is heating, i cant even talk for 10 mins, phone is heating, .....very disappointed by Samsung, you just lost a customer...all the best for the Heater... Please don't buy this 5000MAH Battery phone series. think 1000 times before buying, its not budget phone , its a heating phone...i dont understand i want to replace it but amazon not allowing me to do...then what is the use of replace it with in 10 days...make it clear, if the phone is cracked then only will replace it....
After long time I have purchased samsung phone because I know most of the samsung phones had hanging problem after few months of use and gets lagging, nevertheless I decided to purchase again because of I had hope something improvment is there. I write my review after using my m20 continuously 2 and half days PROS Fast charging support with type C port only rear camera is good display is good OS version pie 9 is available  CONS lower performance heating issue lags often PUBG can't run with high graphics   mai college me tha tab samsung ka phone tha tabhi pachtaya aur ab 6 saal baad fir wahi galti ki purchase karke  HINT FOR NEW BUYERS always think about snapdragon processors with good GPU  CONCLUSION NEVER BUY SAMSUNG PHONES AS THEY USES EXYNOS LOW PERFORMANCE PROCESSORS AS COMPARE TO SNAPDRAGON PROCESSORS  ADVANCE HINT Always compare 3 to 4 phones before buying Thank you
I don't want to rate, but its mine compulsion to rate atleast one. Worst Phone... Automatically fluctuate display and typing unnecessary itself looks like that someone hacks your phone and they were using it, display hangs untill I press the power button,lock my phone and unlock it again.  I was initially suggested by my friends to buy oppo, vivo, or other But I preferred old brand, I was not expected this, beyond expectations.  Rest is Ok.
⚠️⚠️BUYERS BEWARE. DO NOT BUY⚠️⚠️ I am editing my review.  Samsung has revoked support for two of its inbuilt apps i.e Myfiles & Device Care. Now this two inbuilt apps including few other Samsung & third party apps are no longer compatible with M20 . You can't uninstall or disable these apps as they are inbuilt. Now these two incompatible apps are causing glitches on my device. Also Some third party apps are not functioning the way they use to. I approached Samsung Customer care & also their service center but, both were completely useless & helpless. They both agreed that Samsung has withdrew support for few apps which may cause some glitches on device but denied any help and that too when my device is still under warranty. I have mailed Samsung but haven't received any response yet. So, i request any prospective buyers to avoid M series phone or even better Samsung phones.
After using it for 1 month my mobile started giving problem like the power on/off button not working, I went to the service center of samsung, there they said its software problem, after half hour they said the mother board has liquid on it ( means it was merged in water) circuit is not working we have to change n the cost is 6200, how come a new mobile has liquid in it, I feel I am been cheated by big brand samsung, they said u can't claim because of water in it, n they also charged me for inspecting the mobile I have receipt of it, the problem was of on/off button but they diverted to liquid in it, can anyone please tell me what to do, it's just a waste of money having a dead mobile
I am giving review after using of 5 days..touch is nice,fingerprint works well,wont get warm from back side,battery is giving for 1 day after continious use of net..main problem is network strength is too low suitable for peoples who stay near the tower,if i contact amazon customer care they told to install 1 app and online they did check and told mobile is ok..if i tell for replacement,that also they not did and simply they are telling 10 days replacement..really disappointed from samsung and amazon
The display was broken in just two months and when i went to care for repair they told that ur phone has physical damage but there isnt any sign of damage on phone,,they told that ur phone is broken coz of pressure created in ur pocket of pant,,now if samsung display's phone is broken is juss by pressure of pocket then its not samsung its china aur bhai ese phone pe to thoo hai jo sirf pocket me tut jata hai worst phone..samsung pe thoo hai jo ese phone banate hai
It's been 3 month am using m20, and suddenly its microphone is not working. I was MI user from a beginning ,first time I bought Samsung phone and that to in disguise. The camera Quality is not at par, battery drains very fast, charging speed very slow, overall I won't suggest anyone to buy this phone . But at a sudden within 3months microphone stopped working. If they deliver phone online they also start online servicing.
This phone is the worst!! It hangs and the screen freezes after some time of usage. Screen display is not up to the mark. It looks good but is not worth the money because of its slow and unreliable performance. Contacted Samsung Care but no help received. Cannot return the product as return window is closed. Actually  this phone creates a lot of junk files in a very small time which  is  the  main reason of its laggy performance.
Waste of money is the word. Hopeless phone. I have been struggling with it for over a month now. The first function of a phone is to make calls and that only you can't do with this phone. Half the time it shows not registered on network and half the time you can't hear the other side. Whereas other brand phone working on same network in same area work fine. Battery is good but that serves no purpose if you can't make calls. It's an engineering disaster , I don't know how samsung clears such products. Pls don't waste your money on this and more so invite multiple problems. I have downloaded all latest software patches so those who would defend it by saying pls download latest software patch, pls maintain distance.Stay away from it and save your money and mental peace.
After 7 months usage I will give real customer reviews I hope this review may be helpful  new buyers Display quality There is no doubt about display quality is nise But out door quiet difficult to see display suddenly goes to black screen not able to operate few min after that's it will normally Auto brightness not working properly Processing software Totally worst when we're in city network is full that time only its work good Some time totally not working Samsung exyno process net to improve Camera Out door  sunlight taken pictures is good But indoor and night mode totally worst Conclusion Battery backup Average only if you  use contusions or playing games battery discharge very fast Normal user can buying this mobile Overall feedback This mobile can use only normal user Not support network user and gamers
The phone is good in this price range, battery life is decent it can survive a day with heavy usage, camera is okay in this price range, and I would say games like pubg work on this phone but the system interface becomes sluggish and heats as well while game is on, not preferred for high end gaming, built quality could be better, fingerprint sensor is average quality not very fast, face unlock works great, no earphones inside the box screen ratio is great, fast charging is great but sometimes fast charging doesn't work (rarely), brightness level is low and cannot be adjusted properly, Overall in this budget it is a good phone with a brand name and u can go for it if you dont prefer high end gaming experience.
Very disappointed, after inserting sim phone gets automatically switch off and not getting on again. It's frustrating as i already spent 4-5 hours for configuring the phone and suddenly it's off. Very poor product.  Also Amazon is not ready for refund, they only providing replacement. Though its not mentioned on product page.
I am using this phone for about a month. I made all the software updates and my app and memory use is low. Even then I find it as the Most rubbish handsets I have used so far. It hangs for more than 20 seconds with blank screen after the call ends. It takes more than 15 seconds to on the screen. Camera is good. But I am looking forward to return or change the set, if the problem persists Or if the problem is particularly with M20.
Worst phone series ever by Samsung. Phone hangs alot. Touch doesn't work sometimes. I am facing issues at the same time when I am writing this. Camera is not as good J series also. Only good thing is BATTERY. Face Id: opens with photo too Fingerpring Id: works in multiple attempts Camera: wide angle is adding two image from 2 cameras. Half images stays straight, half goes bended. Battery : No doubt its 5000 mAh so works good but not best. Charging: Fast charge is a myth for this phone. Screen: you can hardly read anything in Sunlight. Processor: I don't know why Samsung teied Exynos, snapdragon and kirin are much much faster than this. Touch: Touch stops working and suddenly performs all action which you do when it stops working. Most Important, PUBG: Dont even think to play Pubg with this. I stopped playing pubg on this phone at the end. Hangs a lot. Heats after 1 game. Network: internet works good only when on Wifi. Tried in different places with different networks.  Only pros is Battery time. You can buy other phones in the same budget which are many times better than this.
I'm writing this review after regretting the purchase. I really wonder how so many people has rated this phone in 4 stars, while it don't deserve more than 2 stars. First, there is no LED indicator, Processor is not able to compete with new age processors like Kirin which gives better performance and battery power. No earphones, No pre applied screen guard, or back cover. One UI is fairly good, except for the irritating part, that it continues to display everything in the notification bar, and there is not way to stop it. Also, the screen lags few seconds if more apps are loaded. Still testing the battery performance after 2 days of using. Will post results if satisfactory.  This is for Amazon Delivery and Return policy: I had to wait till 6 P.M in my office to get this product, since I didn't had a backup phone(which was very irritating). Also, Amazon should allow the customer to return the product within the return window time frame, and allow to order some other product, even if customer is ready to pay the difference in charges, which is not possible right now.
Updated Review - 0 Star for this phone, it is the worst phone I have ever used. I own 2 phones in my Family and both are hanging like hell. Now condition is that I have to wait for 15 minutes to open Whatsapp. Samsung Phones sucks... Never recommend Samsung brand phones to anyone, even low cheap chinese phones works well. Pathetic!!!!  Previous Review - It was a good buy, I purchased two phones for me and my uncle and these are working really fine. Battery back-up and phone performance is excellent.
Most worst phone from Samsung and as well as Amazon most heated problem on each and every call Battery not charged after over night plug in with original charger Don't waste money for this m series of Samsung
I'm not a phone/tech-phile and this is a layman's review.  I bought the mobile (4gb) approximately 2 weeks back. Speed is nice however the inbuilt apps and processor take up 2gb of the ram, leaving us with 2. The 64 GB of inbuilt memory space means I don't need a SD card yet.  Camera quality is fine, but tbh not my main concern.  The display is irritating when I'm trying to read a book, the bar with the home/return buttons doesn't disappear, thus reducing the viewable space.  The battery feels like a bit of a letdown,  due to the exynos processor it seems to draw down alkost as fast as any other mobile. (My last one was 2014 MI4 2gb ram and 16 GB memory).  The biggest letdown is the sound and brightness.  The sound is just not loud enough even at full volume,  headphones are definitely required to watch a movie/video.  The brightness tends to go up and down randomly,  this could be a bug or something. Not sure if I should complain/return or just carry on.  My MI 4 (previous phone) was tbh much less of a hassle to work with.
Samsung m20 often getting hang ,not able to open single app in phone,if any app opened not able to attend receiving call at that time,totally waste every time i used to restart after hang  Samsung service center also confirmed my phone as faulty they are telling we are not supporting online purchased then why this mobile you are selling in online  still the problem not resolved pls take action on this need replacement do need full
Fingerprint is slow and smudgy Battery life is 5000 mah but it works like 3700-4000 mah Face recognition is insecure even with eyes closed the device can br unlocked Tge processor seemed to perform ok not for ganers but surely for one who likes samsung branding in this price Camera quality is average Device shows lags too sometimes so eam mangement could be better
Vibration on the stock app Auto-brightness problem Fingerprint sensor Battery life improvement EIS should be add Performance and Stability These expectations should be fixed by the Samsung through OTA(Over-the-Air) updates in the upcoming days.  In this price segment, the only disappointment here is, Samsung doesn’t provide with the Gorilla glass and slow motion but the whereas, the camera quality is decent, so, it is up to you to take the decision.
Samsung Global is one of worst service provided. The customer care executive sucks and gives fake promise.  Here goes my story:- i bought samsung M20 1st June 2019 and the phone screen went blank on 31st June 2019 and i walked to the authorised service center Marthahalli Bangalore, India on 7th July asking to get the same fixed and he promised to open up the phone and check if there were any water damage so that warranty would be void. After cross checking the phone he said, he has not noticed any such case and said itz an manufacturing defect. Then he said there are few minor scratches on the screen so will have to get the approval from head quarters and promised he would replace it for sure on monday once the approval is in.  So now the service center executive says this cannot be covered in warranty and i will have to bare the cost of new display. This is how they are lotting our money and giving worst service.  The Samsung, The worlds most untrusted brand.
This is genuine review after using a phone for a week 1.Samsung gave the battery of 5000mah but its not up to the mark when compared with the other phones like MI in same range. Battery will last up to 20-22 hrs with very average use. 2.The most irritating part about phone is frequent ads that appearing on lock screen. I tried many ways to remove it but it didnt worked 3.Mobile heat up terribly while using data as well when phone put on charge. 4. They provided with type C fast charger believe me it will take nothing less than 100 minute to fully charged 5.when you are doing whatsapp call sometimes your screen will not be visible(i experienced more than half of time while performing whatsap video call) 6.when you like take shots in low light then definitely this device is not for you. Camera perform disasterous in low light 7.Design is pretty good. Screen too have vibrant colors. But in other aspects samsung really  need to work hard
I bought this phone on first flash sale.. Till date I've used 12 different phones from redmi note 3g to iPhone 8.. Pros.. Excellent screen Excellent call quality both on earpiece and loudspeaker Decent battery backup, USB-C *  Cons.. Horrible software integration and ram management Camera sucks on multiple dimensions.. I can't even stress enough.. Trust me, this camera is sub par. Audio quality over speaker, headphone and Bluetooth too.. Sucks... Major drawback.. I'm a Media centric guy and have an insatiable hunger for acute audio perfection.. This is not a phone for an audiophile..  Overall redmi note 7 pro is way way ahead and honor p30 lite too seems better compared to this shit from Samsung. Do not buy this phone... Buy some alternative..
The most worst decision I have ever made in life is buy this phone ...... after using 3 months I am writting this .......this phone is not for selfie lovers.... phone is not smooth in using it lags .... battery life is just awesome I charge it once full at 8am and till 8pm it's used only 50 or even less then tht after a full day of Netflix Amazon prime , and etc but I'm a selfie lovers I personally look a camera oriented phone which has front and back camera to take perfect pictures but sad part is this phone doesn't has tht the pics u take are not sharp and get blurred  if u zoom I'm so much surprise tht my Lenovo k8+ does much amazing job than m20......this is not expected from a brand like Samsung after all this they say we can take great selfie really much a shame Samsung from start I never got attracted towards this brand but this phone I felt will be good but no it was like big no hence forth won't consider Samsung as my favorite brands for phone.......
I bought this phone as a gift for my mom, on 10th of may ot was delivered. It is October and the phone is dead totally, in just five months its unacceptable. All I wanted to do was give my mom a phone but I have  ended up giving them headache, I live far from them so can't even help them with this issue. I bought Samsung as I thought is is trustworthy brand, but guess what " it turns out not to be". I am very very disappointed.
Design 5/5 Dispay 3/5 Camera - Front 5/5, Rear 3/5  Battery 4/5 Batters takes 2 hrs 30 minutes to get fully charged.  They claim it's fast charger but it shouldn't take that much time.  Features 2/5 No great features compared to latest smartphones. It's not user friendly. Very complicated functions.  Speed and Performance 3/5 My phone is 4 / 64 variant, still it has no speed as expected. Fingerprint lock is QUITE SLOW. Most  of the times phone hangs.  Sound Quality 2/5 Voice calling Quality is bad. Sound is quite low. This is same issue with all Samsung phones.  Value for money 3/5 In 12k it's good phone but you have better options in this budget currently.  The only reason I buyed this phone is brand name. But Samsung hasn't improved their midrange phones yet.  Still they have scope and loyal customers like me. Let's see if Samsung wins in comings next 6 months
Hy Samsung care & friends , i bought this mobile just 14 day before and i have a lot of problem with it.  Dear all who want to buy this mobile then i will suggest you not to buy this worst SamsungM20 mobile, because  the main things is the camera and its battery life  which which is very very poor,Week signal strength, no advance features, it is just to show off with its notch screen and nothing else.  Please dont buy this worst mobile 😡😡 I'm very angry with this mobile
Fingerprint is fast but due to its placement you will feel it misplaced until you get used to it camera rear camera is good better that realme not better that xaiomi phones but front camera will disappoint you. Processor is super battery life super pubg in balanced mode works good, ram management is highlit of this phone in this price range better than all compitators for ram manganent. If you don't want camera and want the rest to perform super go for this phone.
I have no option for zero star or else i would have rate this "0". Awful phone, from the day one the touch is not working properly, we thought to try use some more days but issue persisted. when I tried to return exchange the product in the same week, the return time window expired within a week. now even i cannot replace the phone. Amazon customer care guy suggesting me to go to service center.  I recommend please do not go for SAMSUNG phones. and before buy any products check the return time precisely, nowadays Amazon and Flipkart will have so much of restrains on return policy which will be implicit and arduous for normal people to understand.
I really I'm  starting to hate this phone. Problems I'm  facing:  Bugs:I don't  know if this is software  issue or something, but I don't  like this. Phone hang: after using for hours you'll see this phone getting hang. Charging: At first , you'll  see fast charging but after some weeks, there's  no such thing as fast charging. Infact I left the phone charging from 1:30 PM(27%) before exam but after I came from exam it was charged to only 61% at 3:20 pm (approximately but not less than 3:20 pm).  So it took around 2 hours to charge to 34% and it's  really disappointing  for gamers like us.(Btw I'm  writing this review just because of disappointment: the tempered glass and the back cover as well) . People don't  really sell the product like they show from the Amazon pic.
This is to inform you, your technician about to visit as per scheduled time on 03/08/2019 at 6:00 PM he called me before 2 hours that he's coming after 2 hours he said he will not come asked me to send the screenshot of my mobile as he wants to the online troubleshooting for it which is not possible even though I informed my issue, first of all you have sent the defect piece to me and not provided the complete resolution because of this I cancelled my other appointments, waiting for the technician Without seeing it, he confirmed like it's a good product u must keep it. I want to publish the same on social media which is happening on amazon.in so that people get awareness for ordering the product. Worst ever service. I need the replacement as a compensation towards your worst services.
I'm not happy with this mobile as I expected.
Google I'd Sign-in problem....
Well in short I will say it's ok ok device not up to the mark at least Samsung is trying but you have to improve with more will suggest you better go with the redmi note 7 Pro the processor is not as good I think its slower than the Snapdragon 625 sometime the device is freeze do not suggest you to buy this one if you want the device only for normal use then it's good battery life is awesome performance is not as good as compared with the other brands in this price segment
Background: I bought the Samsung M20 on Feb 22nd in one of the flash sales and was practically waiting to get my hands on it seeing the spec at this price. I was using a Blackberry Passport and iPhone 6 while ordering this phone, and was hoping to move to a single phone with a good spec with this purchase.  Item Review before the problem: The item was received on time, thanks to Prime. I was also pretty satisfied with the usage of the phone in these past days (except for the problem that I was unable to upload any old photos to Instagram and such other apps - some weird bug because of which some of the previously available photos on the HDD wouldn't display at all. The same would be displayed individually, if we click on it). There wasn't any lag and photo quality was decent as well. Sound was also good (in contrast to some reviews I had seen online). But then I was hit yesterday with the biggest problem that nobody should face in a new mobile phone.  The Defect (Starting Stage): The screen suddenly started showing a black mark below the back button. This seemed weird to me because I hadn't seen this ever till then. At first I thought this was part of the wallpaper, but then slowly the phone started scrolling slowly and the responsiveness reduced in the next 1 hour. In another 15 minutes or so when I got a call, I noticed 2 new silver linings towards the right bottom part of the screen. Now I was alarmed. This mark onset a new problem, the unexpected pressing of the back button.  I went to the Settings screen and removed the buttons and made it full screen, hoping this might be a temporary glitch. Restarted the phone. But to no avail, the marks were still existent there. Next the worst thing happened. There started appearing black straight line on the complete right side of the screen. Eventually, the screen started greying out while being used and I was unable to type anything. By this time I was fuming and getting irritated by the phone reacting this way for no fault of mine.  The Defect (after 2-3 hours of Problem Starting time): I had to lock the screen each time the screen became unresponsive and unlock again with fingerprint to continue what I was typing. All this just for around 15-20 seconds of typing, after which again the same would unresponsiveness & greying out would set in. Mind you the back button also kept getting pressed every now and then involuntarily. By this time, the black straight lines on the right side of the screen had become permanent. Within the next hour, the whole screen was covered with moving lines like that of an alien transponder and I was completely unable to type by now.  The Defect outcome (Present condition) As I took out my SIM and placed it back into my old iPhone 6, the screen died completely. I could hear the lock and unlock happen with fingerprint but there was 0 response on the screen. Has anyone else who has bought the M Series problem seen this problem?  Resolution: Now I want the seller or Amazon to answer what this is all about. I'm unable to use a phone I bought less than 2 months ago for no fault of mine on one fine day. Requesting somebody to help me out from this mess.
Worst product I have ever seen... Samsung lost his credibility due to launching M series... I bought this device on Independence Day sale... since the date of purchase,  I have been facing lot of problems...especially poor touch screen, display and some software issues.. since the phone has been replaced by Amazon.. But I am facing the same issue with the new device too... I did factory reset 10 times and software update twice. Techincal persons from Amazon visited to my home and scrutinized my phone thrice. Despite the consequential efforts, the issues have not been resolved. As per Amazon's policy, they don't provide second time replacement.. So my money has wasted... now I  am wasting my time by visiting Samsung service center regularly... Henceforth I ll think twice to purchase a product in Amazon... A bad experience to me ... So dear friends  don't purchase Samsung M series mobiles
So i bought this phone on 1st of March 2019 and the problems I've faced just in a span of a 45 days are 1. The phone's display went off 2. Before the display went off there were already lines on display a week before 3. This phone hangs very often 4. There is always a bad sound in the speaker of phone while talking to someone 5. Charging is super slow.  So i didn't expected all this from a brand like Samsung. Cz to compete in market you bring out low budget phones to fool the customers but try and understand that the other companies are offering way better phones compared to Samsung. But customers like us buy this as we think at least the service is good and brand has a decent status in the market. But no i was under a wrong impression. Samsung is the worst brand and i would never buy any Samsung product specially Samsung phones. Definitely NOT RECOMMENDED.
I bought this phone last month (May 2019). I used this phone (with Sim Card) in India for 4 days and then moved to China. Unfortunately, Chinese Sim cards are not working at all. Before leaving India I spoke to Samsung Customer Service (CS) and asked whether I can use this phone in China or not? They told, yes sure...the Sim card provider will give you a code...use that and then your phone will work. But when I discussed the same with different telephone operator (China Mobile, China Unicom, and etc) they told your phone is not unlocked for China..we are helpless just speak to Samsung CS. Then I tried to contact Samsung CC over the web and then they told you to need to Visit nearest Samsung store/service centre and check your mobile, we can't do anything remotely! By paying money why should I suffer a lot?  Even now I am not able to return this Phone also as I am in China. Dear Samsung, I am afraid to trust you in the future!  JUST THINK...I SPENT INR 13000 AND NOT ABLE TO USE THIS PHONE WITH SIM CARD! ...ONLY OPTION IS WITH WIFI...so my rating are based on that!  EDIT: Later I contacted the Samsung Customer Service Centre in China, and they replied that Samsung is not selling Galaxy M20 in China, so we can't help you in this regard!  If you have any solution, please help me!  Thank you.
Avg phone i m using j7 prjme from 2 years and hv oppo a3s. Now i write this review on comparisons No one write these about the phone Advatage: V notch disply and quality is awesome as compared to other phone..will not break as other phone breaks easily.. Fingerprint is fast Looking good Call sound quality is much better than other non samsung brand phone like oppo f11 pro and a3s ..bt less than j7 prime.. Smoth touch Hv compass sensor Sound is good Camera quality is good as cmpred to other phone ..i cmpared with j7 prime and oppo a3s and vivo in this budget. Typing is great No hang in normal uses...no single time hang in 7 days...  Disadvatage :- Cellular netwrk is low as compared to other samsung phone (very bad) Call disconnected many times automatically All sensors compass proximity light does not work properly (very bad) Sometimes single touch not respond ...1 time in 100...its okk jyada bdda issue nhii h Slightly Heating always in upper area Low internet speed in second sim  Okk frends..its all about my experience...bt the phone is avg.....still i m using this phone...happy by phone bcz of its a low budget phone and sound quality is good..
Don't buy this product. Samsung brand strategy introduce us to don't buy low budget phone. You need to purchase a good budget phone otherwise you will get very disappointed.  M20 was looks good, 4 GB RAM and 64 GB internal storage attracted me to buy the phone. That day I was stand with my friend suddenly the phone simply down on surface and the mobile glass was broken very easily. I changed the glass and touchpad by paying 4500.  Phone price 11990 + 4500 (Glass replace) total I paid for this phone = 16499  That's mean the experience showing us like please buy Samsung mobile with minimum 16499 price otherwise your phone's glass or other thing should be damage.  I always preferred to buy a economy class phone. This is not a single case. Last time I was also buy same Samsung on 7 mobile. That time I was face issue with the internal storage.  That time I was also not able install a single application in the mobile due to low storage. That time I was disappointed. This time also disappointed.  My experience is very bad with the Samsung Mobile brand (with economy class mobile).  It's mean if you want to buy a Samsung mobile you need to make your budget above from economy class.
The product is a average rated one. Let's talk about good things. 1. The face reader is good and so as the fingerprint sensor. 2. The size of the phone is good to handle. 3. The camera quality is pretty much ok compared to the other phones in this range.  Some not so good things of the phone. 1. Though the phone has a huge battery of 5000 mah but it drains pretty much faster. You can hardly use it for a day and half if you have the net on. Samsung needs to work on the battery aspect. Though you have an option to power saving mode, I don't think it makes a huge difference. The battery back up is far better in MI phones. 2. You are very much likely to face network issues with this phone. Another not so good review bout it.  Other than the issues the fone is decent enough to use. One must not have too many expectations from it.
Despite being heavy in RAM and good processor speed, the phone has heavy lagging issue. I was unable to install even whatsapp for first 1 hour and when finally it was installed, it kept on crashing every 10 minutes. Forget about restoring the backup on the apps, even newly installed app had trouble running. Don't know it was the problem with my phone in particular or with m20 series in general but despite trying to make it work for 24 hours, I had to finally return it. Thanks to amazon that it was returned promptly, though I am yet waiting for return of my money since last 2 days. I was using moto g 4 earlier and despite having only 2gb RAM, moto was much faster than m20 which has 4 gb RAM. Is it because of heavy and RAM intensive customizations done by samsung, that only samsung will be able to tell. If samsung really want to compete with xiomi, they should better work less on the android customization and any customization should be optional rather than putting load on phone in the form of bloat ware. If it is not because of customization, then they should verify the supplier of their hardware whether declared specifications are actually usable. Anyhow, not at all satisfied with Samsung m20.
Bought it with a defective speaker sound...But no replacement for the product...simply advised to near a samsung store to repair...
Very worse product from Samsung, without cover and protection kit. Display look is not ideal, it is toward outside which give very bad look, prefer realms 2 pro instead m20 of this segment.total waste of money. And also don't believe Gaurav Chaudhary youtuber feedback bcz he takes he is not as earlier.
Hey everyone  ,  who so ever are making the plan of buying please dont buy because they are giving very poor quality mobile phone and the camera quality is really bad and phone is hanging too much so I would prefer that no one should buy this and you can view the the Vivo and Oppo because these both company are giving very good quality service and good quality mobile phone to the customers and they are very low in Rangers so if you are planning to buy a mobile phone in the low range then the best option is vivo and oppo and I will prefer you to buy the Vivo and Oppo accept Samsung and I already visited Samsung service centre two times but they didn't give me that much kind of service by which I felt satisfied except battery there is nothing good in this mobile phone and I have one Vivo v9 which is very good in every situation and in every condition and I am using Vivo from last 1.5 years and I never felt bad and any kind of problem in that and if any customer gonna buy this is contact me I will tell you everything about that mobile phone clearly that what is proper mobile they are giving to their customers . Any query contact number is 903 4466 339
Im a regular user of Mi phones as it's cheaper and gives almost many features which one can get from other brands like samsung. I gifted this Samsung M20 to my wife on birthday but this was her worst gift ever as she was frequent user of Samsung and when i was buying from Amazon she was reluctant and warned me to not buy online atleast her gift as she don't trust quality but i did order and superised her and result is bad decision of buying Mobile online as other feedback says too that issues like : 1. Phone gets hang within few mins of use. 2.auto reboot happened initially within a month for couple of times. 3.spacebar on keyboard doesn't work well and frequent issues in keypad. 4. Scroll and touch issues. What all should i mention usually i dont write feedbacks inspite  I'm frequent buyer from Amazon but not i think i need to reconsider my buying option from Amazon as quality for Consumer electronics are not maintained at their inventories or fulfillment centres..I'm helpless amd speachless but such delivery and product features by Samsung. whose mistake I don't know but i feel like cheated and trust issues now.
This mobile is the worst experience for me. The proximity sensor of the mobile I have received was not working, also the photo taken from this mobile is  not too clear and sharp.The big issue in this mobile is "hanging of mobile". It is very slow , now I am frustrated with its speed. Before this mobile I didn't knew about what is hanging of mobile. Only the good thing in this mobile is the voice clarity during conversation. Also after procuring this mobile I am facing data issues,4G is very slowly and if we connect this mobile to smart TV with Hotspot, the picture clarity is poor, due to slow internet.
Thought it will be good mobile for mom, but its more inferior than samsung galaxy J7 which my mom used previously. Battery life is worst,for 1st 12 days it worked properly since its given with 5000mah battery with 28hrs+ for videos, it used to work for 1 and half day, but now  almost after 20 days of purchasing,  watching youtube videos for 1 hr, battery goes down from 100% to 30%. And i hv bad experience with service center, if given mobile for this battery reason,  then they will just reset ur mobile and give it back, so i guess no use of going to service center also, so my money is wasted on this cheap samsung M20. Never again in my life i will by samsung mobiles.
This is my seventh phone from samsung.. i took this phone this time too because of Samsung brand even when other good options are available like redmi, mi, asus .  and this time Samsung has broken my trust.. you may have seen many positive comments.. either they don't have problems in the units they got or they are not able to find out. But in my unit it sometimes touch don't work.  You can't get to know by normal usage.  But if you're typing message then it will skip touch and you'll miss words.. or if you're scrolling webpages.  It will skip touch.and it is too annoying.. the touch senstivity of this device is very poor... Another biggest issue is network coverage.  It catches such a less network even when other phones with the same sim card catching good network.  And the speaker and sound quality of this phone is very very inferior..  camera is also not good , actually about camera i was knowing before buying it.. Guys don't go for Samsung brand .they are taking wrong benefits of your trust .and this is gonna be my last Samsung phone.  Now no Samsung phone ahead ! Thank you.  Insta@theamitdevyan
This product is a big "NO" First of all I m writing this review from my old Moto g5 plus which saved me at the 11th hour and not like Samsung m20 which failed at the trip and stopped working , this Samsung phone hangs for no reason and the build quality is also not that great for a 13k phone the camera quality is very dull and the focus mode is very unreal , the vedio quality is also pathetic and this one stopped after the 5th month , very disappointed with this phone and remember this phone is not even splash proof so beware before buying this one . There are many good phones in the same price range and to add to this the face recognition is not of any use because anyone can open this phone even with your photograph . Atlast I would say don't buy this phone if I remember looking about durability . The feel is even not that great
 My phone screen is not working properly. I have to off the screen and again on it after  that screen recognises my finger touch...it hangs the screen again and again.  Sometimes  screen works automatically without human intervention.  so i am writing my review  through my old phone redmi
Its a direct NO if you're purchasing for gaming. Don't even get that thought. The processor is very slow and takes ages to load. Graphics doesn't work properly in high graphics mode. No smoothness at all. I tried it with many games like pubg, wwc2, asphalt 9, FIFA. Winner will become lost while playing games in this mobile. Camera is amazing, split screen feature is crazy. Perfect for "NON GAMERS".
Don’t know wts wrong with this phone As of sudden lines are coming on the screen and even screen turns off Just bought this phone one week back and I’m facing this problem
Worst product and worst aap the phone i got my phone is had touch pad issue power button issue battery issue i wanted yo return the product bt as per them only replacement was available they had gave me replaced phone and this phone is also showing the same issue as i have 1 year warranty still i can see no option on amazon app to claim my warranty worst experirnce on amazon and worst product i ever recieve i want to claim my warranty please some1 help
The lasting of the battery is really good. I bought both 3/32 & 4/64 version of phone. 3/32gb verion works in a proper way  but after four days of uses  4/64gb phone gets off suddenly and it doesnt respond to any key despite i got heated near the camera portion. To check it i tried to charge it but it doesnt respond. After 7hour  i tried to charge it at that moment i respond with charging mode. While talking with customer care i got really disappointed because they are not ready to exchange  it another phone. The battery life is really good. All though i dont like the camera but getting it with 1300rs discount from its original price its enough from samsung.
Attention Please! This phone was purchased by me on 12th feb. and was supposed to be my Fathers birthday gift. the phone was defective and amazon COULD'NT provide solution for this issue. And what i dont understand is what if the product shows defect after 10th day???? Is amazon still not responsible?? i am a regular visitor of Amazon and i didnt expected this from Amazon. Because of all this even after my dad's birthday he is using his same old phone.  the phone starts lagging again and again. touch screen not working properly. Lags almost twice or thrice in a couple of hours. same problem even in safe mode. Samsung not taking responsibility because it was purchased from here. not ready to provide written mail on that too. Visiting service center doesn't guarantee any data loss. Backed up on SD card but demanding phone to be kept for indefinite period to diagnose (At the expense of his office hours). what should be done???? If anyone has amazon complaint portal or email ID pls share with me.  Thank you.
After using this phone for 15 days, I think I can provide a better review for this phone, Lets start with the battery, for first week the battery was fine, but since then I noticed that it is draining much faster, despite not using many apps even in the background, the sensors are flawed, screen keeps turning on and off while on call, sometimes pocket activity is noticed, the brightness of the phone is totally a mess, turning high and low like it has a mind of its own, now lets talk about speed, the phone hangs, lags, and gets stuck, just after 10 days of purchase, camera is OK, nothing great as marketing, I just bought it because of the name SAMSUNG, but it certainly does not live up to that expectation, a cheap phone with cheap hardware with no durability, i hope it completes 6-7 months before becoming a headache for me, My real review is that, i wish i could return it.
Display is amazing. Exactly what expect from samsung. Battery life is good. Not the best if you compare it with other phones having dual LTE and 5000mah battery. Azuz is a better option be as its snappy and doest have any lag. Network quality is also poor. Basically its aesthetically perfect however lacks practically. This phone is laggy. Get stuck while switching screens. Heavy applications are a nighmare on this phone.
Received a dead phone. The phone got switched off after 5 minutes of usage and never powered up again.
First of all i want to say that i got a defective phone. Touchsreen sometimes not responding and sometimes behave abnormally. Product review.. 1.. screen is good being tft bright display and good pixel clearity. 2..having some good features like dual sreen pop up screen 3.. being 5000 mah battery  performance is ok  equvalent to 4000 mah battery of mi or realme 4 finger print sensor working ok but not fast someties take 1 to 1.5 seconds to unlock . 5 face unlock is not fast and sometimes  doesnt detect the face  so face unlock is disappointing  factor to me in this phone 6.. speaker is good enough louder than previous samsung phone 7 fast charging is good 8 adaptive light  sensing  is not fast like other phones of samsung or other brand 9.. front camera is bad in low light .in outdoor its just ok .back camera is ok 10 processor is  not fast.this phone is for normal  users for normal  use not for high performance gaming. Medium performance  games can be played easily but not  high graphics games. If u have any questions  related  phone performance or anything i forgot to mention here you can mail to me at.. nishantk91.nk@gmail.com Thanks
I am writing this review after 2 months of usage of samsung M20. I always buy midrange phones 10 to 14k but this worst . Trust me guys. And if you are mi user u would be dissatisfied big time. Few bad things i want tell - fingerprint does not work even if youch 4-5 times and it does not have vibration on fingerprint . No vibration on keyboard. Dual camera but no good blur effect. And worst part is that if you stand 2meater from camera facing camera then only it can create blur . If want to click object or if more than 1 person . It does not detect properly. Looks fake blurr. Front camera is also worst.  I would say worst cameraa of the segment. Dont buy samsung mid range phone. Its bad even after softwareupdate. Few more things . Watch any youtube review about m20 for more bad things. I line suggestion dont buy M series. This might be another reason its not availble on shops.
The best thing is its full display. Fingerprint unlocking is not that fast. Camera quality is good if you are on professional mode. In oreo touchscreen is a little bit awkward but after update to pie its perfect.Play 4k without any freezing. Sound quality is good but not that loud. Overall battery quality.
Pros: -Battery life -Brand name ( this product is another unsuccessful launch of samsung to revive their Brand name ) Cons: - Not living upto the name of Samsung - Phone is frequently hanging even after a lot of free space (10 GB free space and still hanging). -Frequent malfunctioning of touch panel. Have to lock and unlock it frequently for proper functioning - Camera quality is very bad, when it comes to a comparison with Oppo and Vivo phone with lower grade cameras - Finger sensor doesn't work properly - Mic is also malfunctioning. Person on the other end is not able to here the voice. - This phone is wastage of your hard earned money, probably this is one of the reason that why Samsung is losing their smart phone market to Oppo and Vivo  -
I have just purchased  6 months ago samsung m20... Worst company inn the market according to new brand that are giving best phone in same price and lookvise also ... 1st phone is having hanging problem, ( ye to samsung ki parampara hai aap koi bhi phone kharid loo) adopter not working, every week needs to update ... after long time in the market even now when new brands providing better performance samsung iss not able to compete with others .... and soo far im totaly frustrated with samsung and never going to be touch with any product of the same company....
I have been using this mobile for 14 days. Performance wise a good one but since last couple of days i am having trouble with charging. When ever i try to charge, i am getting moisture detected in usb port alert. I don't even carry this mobile outside and this is summer. Mobile or charger is not exposed to moisture. Now my battery is about to die. I have checked online for solution and found 1000s of complaints like this. Now I hate Samsung and i hate the person who recommended it to me. Don't buy it and certainly don't recommend anyone to buy it.  Still want to buy it.. Pros: good screen, touch sensitivity and good battery backup. Fast charging but useless when u can't even charge your mobile. I am not a gamer but i do use number of heavy apps. All work fine and no lag. 4k recording. Cons: Unable to charge, phone is about to dead. Average cameras. Low light is at it's worst. Sound is not too loud, but ok.
This phone is good but not better then other 3 gb ram phones . Camera quality not good, battery backup  is 5 to 6 hour , problem in network connection,  and applications of tik tok is show tik tok not opened
Samsung m20 is a very basic mobile. This is real review after using one month. Please consider me im sure, i have frustrated and writing this review genuinely. Pris: 1. Display, its good compare to other low budget mobiles. Satisfied. 2. Battery, i don't know about other mobiles but it's good. Satisfied.  Cons: 1. Software, frequently hangs, regularly stops working. Greatly disappointed. 2. Performance, performance is not up to the mark. 3. Camera, so disappointed with camera quality. Not reach ung minimal. 3. Gaming, if ur a gamer just don't even though to buy it. My experience, pubg stucks all the time, even games like 350mb also stucks some times. Only to play candy crush. It's better. 4. Sencors, while calling the display won't go off automatically, it's annoying. Always we should press side button to make screen dim. While calls screen goes piping something. Very worst case of mobile. 5. Apps, apps always gets stucked. Disgusting. 6. Network, i observed network issues all the time. May be some problem. 7. Dolby sound is not so impressive. 8. Display acting wiard some time. It goes automatically switch to some thing. 9. There are so many features are missing internally, i observed many in MI phone like security, theme, sounds, display, wifi password scan, touch, camera, hidden features and many.  I may miss some information. Finally not recommended , if ur samsung lover may feel bad. My rating is 2 out of 5.
This phone sucks. I bought this almost 2 months back. I have faced so many problems with phone. 1. It has the manufacturing issue earphone jack. This phone doesn't come earphone. After few when i bought earphone then i realized earphone jack is not working at all. 2. I get it fixed from service center. But again there was issue with jack so i again went to service center they this can't be replaced now, come after problem become worst. So i am still tolerating the sou d disturbance 3. Now this speaker is not working  properly but it has sound disturbance sometimes that's why they will not change it. 4. Touch sensor doesn't work that smooth.  These are some serious issue which i am facing with this phone.... this is the worst phone of Samsung
Please don't buy specially any electronic item from Amazon as it provides fake products. I had ordered m20 the day it got delivered it started hanging same day and also the phone was getting heated up in 10min of use. When I had complained and asked for replacement they said they can't do as the product is okay per their online verification. I said what will idoif my product again start heating up after replacement period of 10days is over then executive said we cannot replace the product neither we cannot refund. I said and if the phone gets burst out by heating then who will be responsible then he said mam we cannot do anything do whatever you want to do and he has disconnected the call
Phone is good. But the main thing of the phone that is proximity sensor doesn't work well. Display is turned on during call when phone is on ear. Please, suggest any tip for that or convey the same to Samsung ...
Worst product I ever purchased. Touchscreen sensitivity is poor: I end up having a lot of typos when I type fast, many keys randomly act either sticky or miss. Sometimes the screen doesn't respond at all so that I've to turn off the screen and turn it on again to try again. Also,  the screen has developed a white coloured area along its borders where the sensitivity is almost zero: Can't type 0 or p any more using my favourite keyboard,(typing this using Samsung's crappy keyboard which places both letters slightly differently. But it delivers two p's instead of one). A visible scratch like mark is developed in the bottom right corner of display (beneath the screen). GPS is faulty. Camera is below average and it can't handle low light despite the claim. Only thing good about this phone is its massive battery but to make the most use out of it, I had to remove or disable numerous bloatware first.
If you go only Samsung brand so it's phone is good brand is not important for you than You will find many options in the market in this price  Fingerprint is slow camera is not very good but not bad also is good battery life is also good but Moisture  charging problem many time
The product is overall mediocore cheap facility in the price possible. Sound quality of music very bad. sound box not good. need to restart phn before whatsapp video calling. Auto brightness become non functional after one month of using. if u have a budget of 13k then buy realme 3 pro( compared). or some other brand. samsung is not just worth the money. I am very sad with this product.
Just after the return window closed, my phone started hanging. On a regular basis. I'm serious. Also, the screen is sometimes to smooth to be typed on. Makes it inconvenient to type what I intend to type with any accidental touches. It's been few weeks now, the speaker has stopped working.
I am an old customer of amazon..  Now let me tell u 1 thing they have delivered me the defective piece . And when I opted for replacement they started saying that there is no issue in the phone. But my phone networks always remains at 1 strength which stops me from using net properly...  Also they said that as my phone passed the blancco test and there is some issue in network provider, therefore they will not initiate the replacement process..  I talked to every network providers that I use, they all said that there is no use in there network.  Let me make u clear that i tried the sim cards in different phones and they showed great network strength and speed was also good.
First thing I hate Samsung mobile.no new features.touch sensitivity average quality.when u slide the screen it not working properly.finger print sensor so ridiculous it's lock properly but unlock not working.games like asphalt 8&9not running.my suggestions don't buy low end phones from Samsung because no new features.my own experience in buying mobile in Amazon not so good.before I also buy a Moto g5s plus from Amazon that was faulty mobile giving by Amazon and now the Samsung m20.i never buy any mobile from Amazon.
The best thing about this phone is Samsung One UI. It gives you a premium experience on such a low budget.About its fingerprint reader its not that fast but it gets the job done and it have 2 camera lens setup one is normal one and other it ultra wide, yup ultra wide which is very rare at this point so u can take ultra wide clicks and Battery life is the best at this price point having 5000mah and it does support quick charge and the best thing is Samsung has also provided Quick charger with this, there are no headphones included in the box itself , you can use two 4g sims and a micro sd card expandable upto 128gb all together.So my final verdict for this phone is: If you want to use this phone for day to day task it's a good choice at this price If you want to use this phone for playing graphic intensive games the cpu and gpu will get heated up after sometime.
There is a hidden app pre installed in this device which constantly shows popups ads, which are very irritating and makes phone laggy. Fingerprint scanner is little bit slow bu it works it doesn't unlock phone directly you have to slide up again after pressing on fingerprint scanner to unlock the phone. Camera is ok, I liked dual camera feature. I am giving this phone 1 star even though it deserve 3 stars. I will not change it to 3 star until i get to fix that popup ads problem.
It's been only 11 days since I purchased this phone and I'm already facing major performance and severe UI issues( phone restarts automatically, many play store apps like what's app and youtube don't start until you restart the phone, the phone hangs on multiple occasions). Amazon cc say they can't help me since I'm past my 10 day period( which is precisely the time it takes for the UI to warm up )  so I've to visit the service centre and have no assurance that these issues won't reappear. But the major concern is that if I'm already facing these problems you can imagine that after several months I'll be facing mountains of problems regarding UI and if the issues persist I'll probably end up buying a new device since my entire day depends on the proper functionality of my phone. So be advised UI is the MOST important spec of a phone, and without that you've just got a defected phone with a good battery. Amazon cc - I always trusted Amazon because of the obsession you show towards your customers but you've left me helpless with the most significant spending I've done on this  app. Any help regarding replacement ( and I do need it ) will be greatly appreciated.
I bought this phone, and the used with one sim for 1 day when i try to change my sim card it ask for security encrypted pin number, I was not even understand what it is and I entered my screen lock pin and locked completely and now asking for MUK CODE, I dont have any clue where can I get that code and how to unlock, they didnt mention anything about this lock system in product description.. Wasted my money...
I have bought this phone 2 days ago and find out phone/camera/sound/screen light quality is VERY VERY POOR. If you are planning to buy this phone please don't buy. Amazon.in don't have any policy to return/replace the mobile phone. As they have sold now you it's your headache to fix it. or go to service center. I have called amazon customer service but they not ready to replace or return. In the website they have mentioned to replacement but they are not ready to replacement.  Might be Amazon.in is selling manufacturer DEFECTIVE /REFURBISHED PRODUCT. So PLEASE BE CAREFUL BEFORE BUYING ANY PRODUCT FROM AMAZON.IN.  Now AMAZON is not trustworthy wrt product quality. as they are selling manufactured defective item.
The battery life is good. Camera quality for this segment is better and speed is ok. But when we use in outdoors the heat it produces is tremendously high and even if the phone slips from a very small distance the display will fail making you to spend extra 5000rs for new display fitting. This phone has really a very bad glass quality. So if you think you can keep it like a diamond you can go for it. Or don't
Ok ok below average phone for normal use only. But if you want to buy and use it like a normal only waste of buying then if you are a gamer then it  is out of question. below average mobile. Because initially 5000 mah battery life they given but battery backup was not coming properly. I am able to identify easily after 45 days :(. Now it was not that much matter display also very bad guys even I had tempered glass it was broken.  For good and consistent Go for One plus only (NEVER SETTLED) good tagline. Also don't go for MI also. Even it will tell to give  48 mp but quality wise it will be far less than 48, 4GB RAM they mention but while you are using you can get to know easily. This was my opinion. If real me was good go for it(I DON'T KNOW ABOUT REAL ME). I don't have idea on real me Mobiles. Asus and Moto if series or mobile was then after check reviews in YouTube and critics then blindly go for it(EVEN I AM NOT AN USER OF ASUS AND MOTO).  But don't go for Samsung. While thinking that company have MORE SERVICE CENTRES.  THANKS for the patience to read my review. Don't go for Samsung company mobiles. Blindly Don't go for this company because it has more service CENTERS.  2 star is for less price. TAGLINE : SAMSUNG IS VERY MUCH BETTER AND BEST FOR SAMSUNG BASIC MOBILES. I am using it and playing catches that much worth.
Good phone for basic - users. Unlike other phones, Samsung didn't cheat on its dual cam. Speaker is awesome.Too loud in call speakers (front facing). Samsung could have included EIS. Cam quality cheated me. Hot rod iron box on pubg. Samsung didn't do well in battery. A lot of bloatware and samsung is trying to implement the ad services, that Xiaomi and other company uses along with google ads, fb ads etc., To earn after purchase (risking customer's privacy). The reason I gave 4 star is that... I gave the phone to my Mom, who only calls and text. Thus the phone can be used as a basic phone, regardless of the spec, if you use it a basic phone with cam, Its better.
Review after 2 month of use 1. Battery 4 star work nice 2.Hanging touch problem- hang phone when u use do some surfing on net 3.Brightness auto function is very bad 4. No led fuction for notification 5. Face not recognize untill u see on camera or hold constantly veřy bad In short not recommened to any other user After 1 yr use... No proper touch work Face reading work only after 5 sec hold
The right sidealphabets display in internet is not working.  I am too old to go around  your samsung service rooms. ........I need a replacement...........  Don't  tell me to go to  your showrooms/service stations.  If i  have that much energy i would have purchased from the shop.
I hardly write reviews about products but felt like putting this out there. This is an okish sort of product. Do not expect it to outperform its competitors,because it does not. The only usp this product has that makes people want to buy it is the Samsung batch. After using it for a month, I can honestly tell that this phone is not the best investment I made. It hangs abruptly and every now and then it lags. Battery life is good but if you expect Samsung to deliver you a premium product then don't fool yourself. Better to invest your money elsewhere or save and get a better phone. Also the system shows warning of moisture in the usb port and every now and then it does not charge. Honestly read the good reviews and fell for it. My bad
Average mobile. Negative points that I experienced are (a)- finger print not work perfectly specially with moistured finger and location and design of the same also not perfect , one cant assume the exact location for use. (b) heavy weight phone, one cant hold with single hand for a long time. (c) camera is also average cant capture the picture if there is any movement in between. (d) night mode got after updation version 9.0 but it perfectly works with its own basic apps only like contact, message, home screen etc. But doesnt work competely with another apps installed in phone like whatsapp, youtube, chrome etc.  Rest is ok for an average phone user...
My personal recommendation is to never go for Samsung's low budget phones. M20 looks are so awesome but the performance is really bad. Within a week my phone's battery started heating up and call earpiece censor stopped working. Pathetic phone from Samsung.  4GB RAM is for namesake, facial unlock, fingerprint unlock and all other apps open slow. And the built in apps is of no use which consumes the internal storage.  On my personal advice, please do not purchase. Prefer latest redmi phone.
It hasn't even been 2 months since i bought this phone and it is already sitting in the service centre because my earphone jack is not working. This is unacceptable from such a huge brand , we pay money and then get harassed because our products dont match the level of standards they should. If you people cannot make good quality products kindly shut down production instead of harassing people like this. The service centre people kept me waiting for 3 hours before telling me that they wont be able to repair my phone today itself. Is that right? The phone also has heating problems , the battery life is just wayyy below standard. 5000 Mah , was it? I don't think so. This product is so not worth it. Just a piece of advice , if you people don't work on the quality of the products you sell , the dooms day is just around the corner.
Hello guys , i am vipin and i recently bought m20 3gb + 32gb variant, on month ago , the mobile looks beautiful, stunning and perfect handy. Its not so big and comfortably come in hand , The screen is nice and blue light filter feature is also provided , the notch gives perfect look to mobile.  The camera quality is good for rear but not for front camera , the night vision quality is bad for both front and rear . Fingerprint sensor is not so fast but good in this price range as it not works if you have wet hands, the most powerful feature of this mobile is its battery backup which is awesome , with one time charging i complete my whole one day As with the price all the features comes in 10k with Samsung like brand so i bought this , i think if you are not a pubg player then this mobile is perfect for you
The phone works great... Battery life is good ... 1½ day at ease ... Games go good .. The only problem is camera .... The clarity of the front and back camera is not good ... My old Moto X play has a better camera than this... Front camera is also not good ... Blurry n pixelated pics !  If buying for camera, don't go for it... Rest its good!
main highlight of this phone is battry.. other feature is good but not better then redmi, real me,asus,honor,... desgin s ok ok.. n th end m nt recommend to buy this phone bcz thr s so many othr phones available in the market online and offline... Real me 3 pro and redmi note 7 pro is best under 15k
5000ma battery but require charge within 20 hrs. with very less phone calls , only mobile data & location on WhatsApp use 2/3 times in a day only . Getting very hot during charging / long time talk .  I previously using Microsoft Lumia 640 XL from April 2015 Its 3000ma battery still running more than 2 days .   If you want to buy it for battery back up like me then forget M20 or  6000ma M30.
M20 is nice phone Finger print reader is not fast but ok....  Camera is not best in class compare other competitors like redmi 7 or realme 3...  Batter life is too good...  I will got Samsung one UI update on M20 before week...nice improvement... But little bit laggy...need further improvement for update hope soon....  Over all nice product  Only Samsung lover....
A capable phone from samsung stable. Here is my review after 5 months use:  Display: impressive v notch display Battery: superb 5000mah battery. Lasts for 1.5 days on mixed use Camera: Camera is on the average side both front and back. Filter effects are good in the app. Finger print reader: works like charm Performance: Really good. Very less hang ups.  Overally it is a good buy and I am quite happy with it given the price and features.
My Mobile was getting heated while charging and also while viewing. It stopped working after getting heated up today (14 Apr), exactly for 16 days it worked. Unfortunately Amazon has given only 10 day period for returning. Not understanding what to do. Camera is just normal. Battery life as of now is very good.
Got it for 10,790 instead of 13,990 therefore  WAS very happy. A friend of mine who deals in phones told that you will regret. N YES I REGRET BUYING THIS PHONE. Above all , THEY WONT RETURN IT , will just make you fool. It's damn poor quality phone. Very poor. Camera reminds days of 2 mp n even of VGA era. Very poor quality camera. Heats very quickly within 10 mins of continuous talking or playing videos for 15 mins. Above all, it hangs continuously. Network issue also. I am not a gamer. I rarely get time to use this phone and whenever I use it, I use very carefully. If it's having hanging pbl with me then trust me guys this phone is really poor. BEWARE guys, never fall for 5000 mah battery or large screen. You will also sell it on olx as I'm doing
Camera quality:- front camera- very poor quality as compared with other brands in this range segment, night selfi is very very poor as like multimedia phone Rear camera- ok but not satisfy Battery life is good Display is very poor Fingerprint is not faster but ok Hanging problem in very normal use Conclusion:- U can't satisfy after buying this phone I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED BY THIS SAMSUNG PHONE
After using this mobile for 20 days here are my reviews- 1. Mobile face security is worsr one i.e u can open face security via picture or in closed eyes. 2. Battery performance is not good as it is 5k mah. 3. Build quality is not good. 4. Mobile phone is thick it is not look like as the pictures shown on amazon. 5. Privacy lock for app is not and option in mobile.. u have to download from google play i.e app lock etc. 6. Gaming is same as on the other mobiles. 7. Pics or videos quality are not good when light is low. 8. A liitle bit hang issue.  And the Most important thing is NETWORK issue...  Network catching power is very poor  So u can go for MI, Opppo and other brands instead of samsung
Much ad of this Samsung Galaxy M20, but in reality it's a bad phone. I am a regular user of RedMi phones, but for the first time I had planned to purchase Galaxy 20 but now I am realising the decision was wrong. Pros: Size of the phone is good only.  Cons: - Voice quality average - Audio quality bad - Video quality just average - System is not responsive. - Camera is poor, a basic camera. - No recording icon appears while dialing or receiving a call. - Touch is average.
I have purchased this product on February 28th. Due for a system update tomorrow. In these days of usage, this is my review.  Pros: Good video viewing experience. 3/5 Good outdoor camera. 3/5 Battery charging and related 4/5 My usage needs me to charge once every two days and it's so relieving.  Cons: Terrible indoor pictures  Below avg selfie camera  Screen lags like an old phone while switching between apps. This is not what I expected from a 4GB phone. I use WhatsApp, YouTube and Instagram and even those apps are not running as smoothly as I had expected.  I was looking forward to using a premium Samsung phone but so far, I feel I have overpaid for these features.  I hope the latest update changes my mind.
I can't believe even Samsung make this type of waste product Very bad battery life Camera quality is just good Software is so bad I go 5 to 6 time service centre regarding services Samsung change display fingerprint reader even change charging port ok but the product is not ok I want my money back but after 3 months of use it not possible
It is the worst processor I have ever seen... Often I am facing the HANGING problem only with the basic apps installed.. Face detection is the worst one. It will work only in the first setting environment.  If any small changes in the visibility also it won't work. Finger print detection is very slow compared to other smartphones. The display is very fragile (without protection) for even small vibrations .. The only best thing is the battery life. But it takes more than 2hours for full charging...  I strongly recommend not to buy it in the name of brand. If you do so , then you will have to pay for it......
Samsung is selling this online on low price. Same model with another name and higher rate is available in show rooms. So they are given worst quality product online purchase as within 20 days, screen stopped working and was not able to return this due to 14 days return policy. This was one of the worst online experience where you paid for good product and getting product which does not survive even for 20 days. Samsung has compromised with quality for low online rate. Tried calling customer care. They had also refused to return. Took that to one service centre they had factory reset the phone and returned. It was not working at all.
I am very disappointed with the service of Amazon. My mobile is not working properly. I want to replace the same. But while the tecnician so detailed by Amazon visited my home to inspect the phone declared that there is no problem. As such the phone is not replaced by Amazon. I am a regular customer of Amazon. But this is first time I am experienced the very very poor service policy from Amazon. So I am bound to think to purchase any thing from Amazon in future. Sory to say again I am Very very disappointed from the service of amazon. I am not expecting such type of service from Amazon.
stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review  stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review stop calling my friend agains review
Phone is getting heat.. The fingerprint sensor lacks and did not work mostly saying that dirt on sensor though I wipe it. Weight is bit Heavy but this is okay since 5k  battery.. And most importantly the brightness sensor has some delay in action and mallfunctioning and the light notification is missing.
I am not satisfied wid this product....fingerprint scanner sometimes dont recognize....face recognition is not so good....rear camera is jst nice in daylight....front camera is not so good in day light .....rear camera and front camera during low light or night time is worst....body gets heat duing normal video playing(without internet)....i feel like kinda slow operations... i am vry big fan of samsung, thats why i bought this one but i m not so much satisfied........battery backup is ok but not like they claimed.....i have been to the samsung service centre for 3 times only for this m20....fingerprint scanner, usb port everything has some problem....in short this is the worst phone i have ever seen from samsung....totally dissapointed....honestly reviewing
Phone is good. But I face little hang issue. And camera quality is good but some time it's half screen seems yellow and half blue effect. One of the most major issue I face within 2ndday of purchasing is automatically click whole screen. I didn't touch the phone and it click here there everywhere. It's too difficult to switch off that time. But I face it one time. Overall the phone is good.
Worst product and that too coming from Brand like Samsung. No Pros, only Cons for this mobile device. So called unbreakable phone started giving issue with its pixels without any physical damage. -It started with frequent prompt of "Moisture being detected at USB/Charging port" . This came as complete shocker, as device was not even moist or came in contact with any water particles. - post couple of days of prompt, device started losing its pixels without any physical damage to the screen. - Recent scenario is device is behaving weirdly without any physical damage to the screen. -Samsung service center is not ready to accept the complaint or even ready to take a look at the reported issue. -Being launched recently, Samsung are not prepared at all with the device or services. -Same issue has been detected with M30 which was purchased by my friend. -At the end, post 3 month of purchase, I am being told to fixed the display even thought there is no issue with display. -Rs 13,000 purchase now giving additional Rs 4000 of expense despite of any issue. - Samsung service center or customer support are of no use.  -- I would suggest to go with Moto or Mi for the purchase instead of this poor device and so called Samsung Brand.
Worst camera quality. Low sound. Processing dam slow. Hang problem. Screen shaking issue.no notification LED. Battery charging takes 4-5 hours for 100% I don't understand how they are saying fast charger facility. Performance lacking while using multiple apps together.Bricghtness reduces randdomly even if using any app. Overall it's a Worst product. Samsung making fool to people's.
I bought this phone about 20 days back , and I am a heavy user of the phone, though I am not gadget freaky still I am able to realize soon that this phone is not the best, However some one who is looking for budget phone and samsung brand may go with it. Majorly the phone is lagging in processor. Phone hangs quite often , even to make a phone call you will have to wait for at least 10 seconds.  Voice clarity is  good , photo clarity is good, sound is good.  It has got shiny finish which make it look rich when holding I must Say battery backup is Awesome, It can easily last nearly 24 to 18 hrs when fully charged with relatively good usage . not recommended for heavy users .
Very bad experience with Samsung again with the smart phones. Its totally unexpectable experience. I have purchased this phone in mid February and its mid August now and phone screen got damaged without any physical contact. Screen is not working properly. Have asked the problem to Samsung care but the solutions they have suggested is not fulfill my expectations. They have suggested to visit Samsung care stores for the same. And i am sure after visiting there the store guy will ask you for the high money for the replacement and all and they will blames to the customers only. I don't know why Samsung is making smart phones if they can't make a good one.  I would like to request kindly return my phone please. I don't want this any more now.
Hi ..I hv been using this phone for more then 1 month...nd this phone  is fine for normal users..but for people  who are always  on their phones nd specifically  who play games...screen touch does not work some time  game playing gets awful ...heavy games lags..some water got splashed on my screen was gone instantly...although I dried it up instantly but screen caused problem again....
Value for money but tough to use. Not recommended for those switching from iOS. Also too big to hold but good to watch big screen. Camera seems good. Extra samsung skin is a low with galaxy store but 5k mAH battery is what you look at when you opt for this phone which is worth.
Not a worthy product: 1. Touch is not so good need to press it 2-3 times to do any task.  2. Facing network with this product .  3. Battery life seems to be ok  4. Facing heating issue  5. This product is So heavy i have to use my hands to handle it. Can't use it with hand  6. Hangs some times  Please don't buy this not worth it
 I've got a defective piece.  The phone starts to work by itself. The touch isnt working.the problem is so worse that I've to restart the phone inorder to make the issue stop . Tried using it in safe mode but the problem still persists . Might be another product for Amazon but feels really disappointed when your first phone is defective . REALLY  DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!
Worst phone that I bought ever. Samsung has lost its creditability. I bought this a month ago n today can't even multitask n it's software is crashed. I can't even open my pho e now.its restarting on its own again n again. I hv no idea why this is happening. I had lots of hope but now m jus regretting the moment when I decided to buy it.  My suggestion don't waste your money.
The touch sensitivity  is pathetic of this phone, sometime  it does not even respond to your touch for a while. happened many times. very disappointed with this one. Worst phone i have ever used out of 7-8. The touch of this screen is so pathetic that you have to press hard like cell phones of earlier times. 1) Not so fast charging, takes at least 2 hours to fully charge. and battery back up is also less.
On the 11th day, i started facing issues (frequent POP up of overheating and phone getting off), i approached Samsung service center as Amazon 10 days return window was over, upon diagnosis they said that the mother board has to be replaced and it is not in stock. Request to samsung and Amazon for replacement was denied.  i was all time samsung user, but after this i will not as they have degraded the product quality in view of cut throat competition with other manufacturer.  EDIT : Upon writing an email to Samsung directly, they have instructed the service center to resolve the issue on priority by replacing the mother board. It is one month now after replacement, so far phone is working fine, would like to add two more star for samsung prompt action and close follow up with the service center.
I have a purchased Samsung M20 at first sale from Amazon.The day i received it i was excited but as i start doing charging phone ,charger does't work i shocked the brand Samsung can have such fault in its new M20 phone charger .When i check it the problem was in C cable which is not working . Buying a Online Phone is creating some bad experience to me ,i will think 20 times when i will purchase any thing from online sites .
Power On Phone - After initial setup, See Charge at 50% - Put Charge at 7.00 PM - After one hour 57%, Very poor charging - Changed Power Socket and verified at 12 Mid Night - After 5 hours, 47% Charging Done - I purchased three Mobile this year, This Samsung M20 is Very Poor in Batter Charging - Certified technician visited from Amazon, Did nothing and keep saying "You need to charge initially for 6-8 hours" - Reported to Amazon again and Waiting for Another Technician to do REAL Troubleshooting - Brand New Phone taking 5 hours for 47% charging is Very Bad for Product as well for the Seller Amazon - Thank You
Worst product from Samsung. I have had to replace the display within 6 months of purchase and no I have not even dropped the phone once. This phone is unable to bear the 5000 maH battery and this is leading to the display being cracked. On top of it service is asking to pay 4500 to get the display changed. No surity being provided if the new display will be better. Think twice before buying.
Been using samsung for past 5 years with higher price range. When they launched M20 i was very happy to see samsung coming up with mid range mobiles that too with a premium notch. its been 10 days since i purchased M20. On the day i got mobile in hand that is the only day it worked well. Rest is history. Heard people saying samsung has a lagging issues but personally i never agreed coz i use samsung high range mobile it never lags. But this mobile is total waste by samsung. To tackle Mi's mid range mobile they started this. One advice to those who are looking to purchase this better choose a button mobile rather than choosing this. Waste of money. it irritates you by opening all the applications by itself. highly disappointed.
The product is very worst...battery life is not that good ..the cell comes with 5000 mah battery  But the charging remains only for a day or sometimes even less than that ...the back of sumsung M20 is seriously of very cheap quality... if the cell is used without a cover u can easily see number of scratches on the back ...within the purchase of 2 months my phone starting hanging.. while using the phone, automatically phones screen  start  scrolling up and down , keyboard appears and automatically starts the typing and many more things ...am fed up with this product  ....  Guys its a suggestion pllzzzzz don't buy this.. Other companies phone  are much more better than samsung.. its literally waste of money ...
It’s not a good phone everything is substandard quality, camera is with high resolution but the picture quantity is not good it lacks in sharpness, Phone becomes hot after after of usage Basically we all have habit of doing multi tasking and this phone cannot handle it, meant for 1 application at a time
I have purchased this mobile 10 days before and for initial 3-4 days it was working fine. But after that i found an issue with the touch of device. It got stuck on many application screens. Even scrolling was very poor.  To be honest no one can play PUB G on this device. After installing PUB G, it almost stop working and it was difficult to use this device. It auto type anything on the screen.  After contacting customer care of Amazon they said , it is a hardware issue and it FAILED on touch test. I got my replaced hardware and will update the performance of that soon. I am very disappointed with SAMSUNG. I have used many phones from SAMSUNG but never found such poor performance and user experience.
I have brought samsung galaxy m20 from amazon on 01Apr2019 . 1. Fingerprint scanner is not good quality as compared with other company mobiles on that price range. 2. Rear camera is ok but front camera is not enough good as i expected also unable to read face to unlock in  1st attempt. 3. As battery is 5000mAh but after full charging is not lasting for 18-30 hours if i use 8- 9 hours in a day. 4. Foremost thing is that my mobile hanging just after buying and using of 04 months so processor is not good as i expected as 03GB ram of this mobile. So i giving 2 star to m20. 5. Looks and display good. 6. One headphone may be provide with this mobile if can not give a good mobile on that ptice range. Thank you
I am writing this review after using it for 5-6 month. I have also shared review after using in for couple of week. Battery performance has degraded too much. Initially it used to take 2 hrs for 100% chanrging now it is taking more than 4hrs. It stops detecting sim intermittently and sometime it happens during the call. Not good phone to buy and very much disappointed feom Samsung as i have used couple of other model in past but this is really bad product. They try to design product with advance feature in low cost but seems like they failed.
Hi All,  I would like to inform that I have ordered M20 Samsung phone as on 07.02.2019 and it starts showing problem, not even passed over 6 months. it is not taking charging , showing error of Moisture detected at usb port. Let's it dry first. There is 44 C temperature at Delhi, how moisture could be detected . even it's not raining. At the time of monsoon it seems it will die.  Not good product.  This is my first phone ordered online through amazon. In future I don't want to do it again,  Good investment went wrong , so sad  Thanks for listening me.
I bought this phone after reading all the specifications and it was up to the mark for me.. But after 2 weeks use..i found that i did a very big mistake.. Cons: Its touch is not up to the mark.. The network connection is so poor..u will feel dipressed after buying this phn.. The reception is that much bad the phn will like a dbba without network.. Very bad experience with samsung.. GO FOR REDMI INSTEAD OF SAMSUNG..
Over all good product from the given price range.  Good part: Battery life, weight, sound quality, OS, dedicated slot for memory card, ease in using n guide populate, storage is good, auto cleaning processes run daily so memeory cleaning automatically, back camara pic quality is good  Things which i feel not upto mark: Selfie camara picture quality even when light is proper, performance is low.. when u open browse u can see dual time flicker, when do fast type smasung keyboard hangs or showing diff characters like we r getting when do long press, while incoming call u can see transition from number to name having contact list near 300 numbers. Surfing gallery leads slow thumbnail
Don't buy. 1. Weak Processor, Hanging issue 2. Network Issue 3. Touch isn't up to the mark 4. Sometimes camera button doesn't work 5. Camera blurs the edge of the photo 6. No notification light. 7. Too much bloatwares. Only 1 GB RAM free to use. 8. Fingerprint sensor and other functions are very slow. Redmi is much faster than it. 9. No Multy Screen option after 1st update. 10. No default app lock system like j7 Prime.  Galaxy j7 Prime is far better than it in Touch, Speed, Multy screen and app lock facility..  Samsung ruined the M20 series in its opening. Samsung must have used Snapdragon processors. Want to replace it but days are over..
Advantage: Superb phone except camera. Software is so good. You cannot off data, switch off your phone unless you unlock your phone. It's easy to track your phone while missed. Charging while power save mode gives faster charging. The UI design is very well. It gives you full access to zoom your video across notch. Dual messenger also great option. Great battery life.  Disadvantages: Photo lovers don't buy this phone. Worst camera. Especially front camera. Never expected such a cheap thing from Samsung. At least Samsung have to give update for camera and photo clarity. All other smartphone users using pie version Android. But we have to wait upto August. Face recognition also worst. Finger print only we can use three fingers print.
Good Things. The only thing good is the battery life.Phone charges fully in 2 hrs  Bad Things Within 2 months phone started to slow down Fingerprint scanner is average when new but becomes very slow in a week. Late updates to the phone.security updates come 2 months late Camera quality average..no option for slo mo or timelapse. Speaker is relatively better than other samsung phones Google maps works great. Some minor issues with mobile network and data of jio. Phone is very heavyweight bulky and thick.
If i compare from 1+ 5t, Speaker could have been louder, it is half of 1+... I know the cost is different for both but just u understand on the difference in speaker output... Camera is average, though wide angle view is good option... Given 4 rating because with the cost is 10000, this is what is expected...so its a good buy considering the cost ..
Please don't buy this product totally waste of Money. I'm using this device since 1 week and facing many issues in this device. Again i'm telling you don't go with M 20.
Very poor experience...after 20 days it showing black spot on the lower side of the screen. Even when i went to service centre to show & replace the phone, they said that it dropped by hand even there no schcresh on it. Now what i do???
Device looks, feels, ui is good and looking premium but performance  is not good. I'm not a gaming lover so didn't install a single game but still I facing issues when open 3-4 apps back to back. I face sluggish performance of device when browsing apps. Camera still a good side when taking landscapes specially with dual cam. But you have to adjust with a small size image in the same time. Selfie cam is not good it's change a Bhartiya citizen in to a French citizen... means it's apply lots of brightness, glow with default settings. Battery is good, it's easily work for me 1 and half day. Device vibration is poor. You didn't feel vibration even in your denim pockets.
What is this? this product is damaged. Not working properly. Annoying to me for Device Overheating. still, i did not installed any big applications, Games, or software then also shown me device overheating without anything. In one day, there are almost 50 to 60 times device switch off automatically for overheating. What is this? This is not good for my Samsung experience. I don't want to buy Samsung products. So, please help me to solve this problem because i am very tired to seen this issue. Every i faced this overheating problem. Many times doing this problem, When i used some important things or calls or anything then suddenly closed everything and power off. What is this?
Samsung phones are very bad in Sub 10k range. After few months of usage I have found that Network speed is too low,(at the same time and place other phones perform well) Touch response is bad too Phone is sluggish even for basic features like calling Only positive is battery life is good. Dont buy from STPL seller they send different color than what is ordered  Please think before buying
Mobile got turned off while using, unable to turn it on. No physical shocks, No physical damage.  Its exactly 3 months i got this from amazon. Everything was great for 3 months.  How to avail replacement ?.  Didn't expect this from amazon. I don't want to take it to service center coz if I did so you may come up saying it's warranty void.
Itni badi brand and abhi tak iska hang issues gaya hi nahi. Jabki isse chote brand kitna mast handset nikalte hai jinme hanging issues hai hi nahi.I don't know when hanging issues of Samsung will go away. In today's market samsung is also known as hanging phone. My Samsung m20 a very new buying hanging most of the time.i really fed up with this issue. I was using earlier oppo set which after 2 years of using not a single time hanged.But Samsung which is very bigger brand disappoint me. Kindly upgrade your os so that my hanging issues will be resolved.
The processor is slow compared to Snapdragon 660.  PUBG, Asphalt and other high end games lags when you play them on Medium and High Resolution mode.  Heat  If you play games continuously for an hour or download anything for half an hour then the phone becomes very hot. You can't return and get the refund onces you buy the phone. Hence I have written this detailed review* I will suggest not to buy this phone and especially don't buy phones/laptops from Amazon they don't give refund and also ask to install some app checks your phones and tells it's working fine even if it is not (Checked the Play Store reviews). Overall all worst experience with phone and Amazon
Naam bade darshan chote....... High on specification but low in performance. Doesn't last whole day with 5000mah battery too. Heavy in weight, and  often misbehaves on it's own like some time wont response or would start moving on it's own. Even the fingerprint sensor isn't that quick and specially if you are out in city with all the pollution it fails.  Such a low loudspeaker seen after a long time.  As basic as alarm cant be heared unless kept very next to your ear.
Its a good phone offered at this price from samsung for the first time but if we compare it to other phones at this price its dosen't stand out any chance. The camera performance its below average both feont and back and portrait mode and low light sucks. It dosen't even have slow motion and 4k recording support. My 2yrs old moto g5s plus performs better than this which obviously have 4k and slow-mo. If u are looking for this phone just for camera dont even think about it. Built quality is nice feels decent in hands looks Could have been better. The one pros of this phone is its battery(5000mah) and usb-c with fast charger.
Worst phone ever I saw . There is brand name also. Do not buy. No camara quality . Taking to much time to unlock. battery performance is ok. But there is no quality in this phone. Very local and poor quality Do not buy it pls pls even back case quality is very poor and plastic base. In this price range you can go any other best option in market. With snapdragons processerm
i am using this product for more then 9 months, I've ordered phone in month of march, the product which i recieved  were defected so i exchanged it from amazon (big thumbs up for the services of amazon).  now lets talk about phone.  Battery backup is good. charging is good. very good built quality..  worst face unlock, PUBG lags very much, not so powerful. vibration feedback is poor. heating problem. fingerprint never unlock the phone in one go. last update received three months ago. i have to take it to the service center because i am facing some screen issues... screen showing prints of previous app.  like ..  it is visible when any app display some thing black on screen.
Either it is bandwidth Or something else I don't know what is wrong with samsung. There is always no network Or very less network compare to other brands.although I love samsung previously I had NOTE 5 and On8 they both had same problem. I can only able to internet when good network strength is available. I think samsung will improve this very soon. Rest is very good.
I bought this phone 363 days ago. Like all Samsung phones I have so far used, they seem to go phut in exactly one year or just before the year ends. And the service centers are always out to devise new excuses to deny your warranty or delay it till the year ends and then they throw up their hands. Never buy Samsung phones.
Kindly read the review before purchasing the phone. Cons, 1. If u r a selfi lover, then don't  go for this phone. Front camera is very dissappointing. 2. Processor- this phone is also have the same problem which other samsung phone having, Processor does not support with all apps and lagging also there. 3. UI - It makes the phone more laggy 4. It supports Indian sim only.  Pros, 1. Good battery life. 2. Rear camera  is good enough to explore 3. Good display clarity.  And the given 2 stars only for calling purpose  .. Conclusion - totally it is a waste product and the samsung brand also .. Thanks to amazon .. never repeat this .ok
Though it's 6'' display, they increased the length and reduced the width of the phone. It may be good for entertainments like watching movies, games etc, not upto the level for office purpose usages.  Sound quality is low when compared to the other model phones..
1st thing which disappointed me is the time taken for charging the phone is 3 times more than any phone. It was told that the charging is 3 TIMES fast but in fact its 3 TIMES slow. Secondly is the display. Display is very very dull even if we have adjusted the phone to the maximum brightness possible the phone display remains very very dull.
This product is good in this range but few things needs to.be improved like camera in indoor area isn't good enough also there are a lot or scratches in the back side even I was using a backcover don't know why this is happen I'm using the same material back cover in my another samsun as well but I didn't see any scratches in that also that phone has the same body from the backside don't know why this is happening with this.
15 din k anadar phone k display repair krni pdi because it's not working properly. it not my folt why should using a repair phone. China phone b jyada chalta h ye 15 din me toch kaam krna ban kr diya aage kitna pareshan krega. Company give a 10 day replacement but if 12th day facing a problem not able to do anything. Company ka defective peace apana paisa khrch krke kharido aur repair peace use kro. Is se acha second hand phone acha. Naya phone 15 din me bigad jaaye. It's very poor quality
Shame on Samsung.  The company drastically need to check its product quality process.  The M20 64GB delivered is a defective piece.  Shown to Customer Care.  It says speaker is not working.  I am shattered.  Is it really a Samsung product.  The very new item going to Customer care before use.  Something really wrong with Samsung.  Want to return the item.  Please suggest.
All the features are good on this budget oriented phone by Samsung. Note - This review is based on the 15 days usage , as on the 16th day the phone was dead.  what happened ? - The phone was working fine and was super smooth , easy to handle but on the 1th day when I chaged the phone and tried using again - it did not switch on. On taking the phone to Customer care they said - the mother board needs to be replaced. On asking for phone replacement, they said as per Samsung company policy they won't do it after 15 days of purchase.  Now only the motherboard was changed - seems to be working fine, but let's see what's up for next.
Bought it for my mom, within a month had problem with the screen, went to Samsung customer service center, it's been 20 days, still no update. They say they've repaired it but still waiting for approval from main office whether to consider the repair under warranty or not. Highly disappointed with Samsung this time, I'm using m30 and that's working fine, didn't know the customer support is so bad.
This is a descent phone ,yet there are a few problems . Anything you need to know is listed below:- THE PROS:- 1) the screen quality is amazing . 2) the battery durability is excellent. 3) overall feel in hand and look is descent.  THE CONS:-1) camera is good but edge detection in portrait mode is not upto the mark. 2) RAM management is silly 3) The processor is suitable for day to day tasks but not for heavy gaming users who play pubg or asphalt 9. 4) fingerprint sensor is really slow, i think it can be improved by further software updates. 5) the animations are a little slower.  Hope you like  it..
I was tieing my shoelace holding my ph in my hand and suddenly in fell on the floor,merely from 5-10 mm and the screen broke. I bought it just a few days back and this happened. On contacting Samsung Service centre-They said its not covered and for replacing the screen-I have to pay 4200/- .. i.e. 40% of the actual amount of phone- just for screen replacement.
Review after 6 months of use. Pros - There is hardly any pro, altough the phone has 5000 mAH battery,FHD Screen, a good Camera but all these pros have turn into cons now. Cons - Battery was good at initial months, can goes upto 1 day and more but drastically it has changed now it does not goes more than 6 hours (I dont play games). Camera, at starting this phone takes very good pictures infact my phone was specially required for taking selfies and images, but camera quality has decreased. Now images taken by the camera is just  normal and selfies are the worst. Processor - It is the worst. Samsung please use processors of snapdragon. Exynos sucks. My new phone started hanging and nowdays this lagging sickness is going unbearable. Sometimes I want to toss this device with my full energy. Exchange value - The value of exchange of 6 months of phonen is 3200 rupees. I have purchased for 12000
The worst part if M20 is camera. The images are not clear,  enhanced with inbuilt software. Battery is good. It got hang many times while opening many apps at the same time. 4G Modem has no good quality , always a problem to connect while in low signal areas. While using it as dual sim , the performance of call connect is poor. Overall ,I am not satisfied with device.in the same process range quality if Redmi 6, 7 pro is much better.
samsung ke M20 me bohot hang hota hai. i buy samsung m20 by seeking some froad and selfish youtubers like technical guruji and some others but i get stuck. i also receive some feeling of nationality topics like they said samsung make all their manufacturing in india but MI made in china. My MI 3s prime is better than samsung M20. now i think what i need to do next.  i want to know that can i return the product?  i was only distracted by these selfish youtubers. i also blocked their channels if i saw any froad comes from them. now i am focussed to buy the redmi note 7 pro. lets thinks what i get from them.
As per my review this device is best for Samsung lover in affordable price even I not much liked it because I am not Samsung lover. In 1 or 2 month Samsung drop the mobile price. The Camara quality is not too good and live focus (blur) is worth feature in camera. Battery life as compare to another Samsung phone is good but if we compare to another brands the 5000 mAh like 3500 mAh. Not more than 8 -10 hours. Even the phone battery reduces 5-10% in night when phone has no use.  Second The plastic body will get scratches soon. The screen is not too good.  Fast charging like hehehhehe .
Average mobile ,fingerprint sensor is slow, processor is also slow , u can easily feel delay in opening files , display touch response is also slow ..... Slow charging takes 6 hours to charge full ...... Mobile is very bulky & heavy. Sound quality good . Display quality average, colors are dull ,not expressive ...... If you want good performance & speed than don't buy Samsung M20
Overall it packs almost everything you get in this budget or may be a little less (little cost also goes for brand name)  Display is really good. 5000 mAh is good to have but I expected little more backup with this. Camera is also good as per budget.  Cons: 1. Phone became slow after using 3-4 weeks, application start time and switching time is increased. 2. The signal receiving strength is little less, sometimes face problem in connecting to internet when indoor or at roof top which wasn't case with my old phone with same service provider. 3. Few applications like Google map and Facebook crashes when directly opened from notification bar to see some notification.
Samsung as the history suggests.. they are not good at low cost handsets. Bought this phone with great anticipation and above other brands who were offering same specifications at better price but im disappointed. Fingerprint scanner, face scanner takes ages to recognise and unlock. Its been 2 months i am using this phone and it has started to hang like anything. Using only basic apps like fb, chrome and whatsapp along with calls consumes so much battery that i have to charge it daily before EOD even though it says 5000 mah. I would again suggest to go for other brands in this price range and consider samsung for their high end phones only.
All the feature like screen resolution, sound, picture etc are good. But, the thing is, when playing PUBG it is so lag that you will not able to point your enemy when using any type of sight. I think it's because of the processor or something went wrong to something or miss. Even if your internet connection is good. Samsung, can you fix it please....  Sometime it makes me so angry that I want it to throw away. Any how, others are working well.  It's just not meant for playing PUBG.  Thank you..
I am disappointed with both Amazon and Samsung. First Amazon delivered this phone one day late and their customer service response was poor. Second, I feel that Samsung has launched an inferior product. A 4 GB RAM with only 25 GB filled storage of 64 GB available hangs almost 5 times in a day. My phone is only 1 month old. I dont play any pubG kind of game. Only small games. Disappointed
Brought this as my first Samsung smartphone.  Worst product ever used as compared to other brands.  Can't install apps from play store as it shows download pending.  Without installing any apps,  it used 11gb out of my 32 gb.  Also some of the rarely used apps can't be uninstalled.  I want to return this product but don't have such option.  The appearance may look good.  But due to technical faults I would like to rate it 4/10.
I hope it was worst cellular phone released by Samsung.  The Front camera was pathetic , Battery is not upto the mark as Mentioned by Samsung and most disaster is phone is getting heated while using Maps, Charging, Social Media Apps. Finger Print sensor is taking too much time for unlocking  I suggest its a waste of money for purchasing this mobile.
I bought this phone for my old father few months back and now its getting hang several times a day and its also he is facing problem to charge this phone, when he tried to contact service center nearby the are asking for so much amount thinking he is old man they are trying to mislead him.. When i check rates for repair with other shops they asked for very cheap prices.... Very poor service by Samsung very disappointed!!!! I opted for Samsung considering that it has got good customer care but i made big mistake..... Please don't go for this brand or this phone!!!!
i will suggest everyone to go with any other brand. Samsung is showing that they are giving so much features at this price just to compete with other companies. actually there are many faults in this phone. In M20 you cannot dekete the whatsapp statuses those are saved in your phone memory. You cannot remove them anyway from the phone and the storage space get consumed day by day and you are unable to use one single app after some days. Samsung is making people fool just to compete with other brands. they actually are unable to give similar features at this affordable price those which other brands are giving,that's why they are cheating
Overall good phone.. not for youngsters definitely but good for parents because heavy user youngsters will find this phone boring.. also for youngsters who are casual users eg. Whatsapp, music, calls & casual games etc.. little bit problem with touch means touch is slow compare to many other phones but i guess it will be fixed. on continuous usage there is some heating issue. Otherwise Battery is BOMB!!! Plus you get type C charger which is 1% battery charge in a minute. Camera is also good. speaker also kind of works well. You can definitely go for this phone i would recommend for sure..
Hi, Recently I bought this mobile for my mother which turned out to be an absolute disappointment. Firstly, Camera didn't start at all & after restarting it 2-3 times, it began to work, but God knows, if again it stops functioning. Secondly, Touch screen is not quick responsive, needs to tap hard to open up an app.  In nut shell, I am not very impressed with this model at all. I don't know, is it the Samsung's fault or of some crooked seller. Whatever the reason, Amazon should be little more cautious about this, as this kind of mis-selling practices may cause them dearer, people will think twice before trying out Amazon again.
It's been 3 months now. Camera is really worst, even Coolpad note 3 is much much better than M30. Finger print reader slow after 1 month only and still is, same goes for processing speed for other apps, Slow Slow Slow. Only good thing is the Display & Battery. Please prefer other, there are better mobile worthier than this for the same price. .
Samsung Galaxy M20 Pros: Battery is good, phone looks good. Cons: Touch, fingerprint issues. My experience: I received the product with is having touch and fingerprint issues. When contacted the customer care, they replaced the product. One I start using the replacement product, I encountered the touch issues again but fingerprint is good this time. So contacted the customer care. Then they did the testing and gave me an option for return the product.  On overall the amazon customer care and the STPL Exclusive seller is good, but the product is bad.  Samsung has to maintain their brand level.
Cons:  Very bad rear camera in low light and medium light conditions.picture quality is bad. Cant play pubg smoothly frame drop during gameplay and handset was heated quickly.slight software lag,Sound is ok not that great.network signal strength issue ,I tried with airtel and jio both shows only 2 sticks.  Pros : Fast Charging and Battery Size is Good.Same price you will get Better Options with Other Companies
Camera quality is below average, showing lots of grains while zooming the pic.. Network reception is poor, it's not show network in remote areas where my friends mobile is showing 2-3 network bars.. Even internet surfing speed is slower then other mobiles... Very disappointed by samsung...
No Pros in this mobile except samsung brand.  Battery life: Not more than 6hrs on normal use. Mobile hangs too much I have basic apps for which mobile RAM is full.. after 3years i have purchased samsung because of its new features. But after this.. iam never gonna look back to samsung..gud bye samsung.. I beg everyone who plans to take this mobile.. Never go to samsung. Please.. Or else you will regret like me
It is just an average phone..  performance is below par with competitors. front camera is below average, and  you  can't play much game on this. rear cam is just average. bought samsung m20 only because it was for use by elders. otherwise i would have gone for any other brand.
It seems I got a refurbished item which suddenly stopped working. After using a week the phone got turned off automatically and I followed all necessary steps to switch it on but in vain . For this reason I contacted customer service (CS) for replacement. CS placed a request for inspecting the product but again a miracle happened and phone got turned on after 2 days.  This time I cancelled the replacement request as phone started working. Only God knows, what would happen from now! It's a kinda mystery. But in spite of all such nonsense the phone is worth to buy and till now I have very good experience with Amazon CS.
1. Face recognition not working properly. 2. Back touch not working properly. 3. Automatic light not working 4. Signals not catching, Key pad not working properly. 5. Samsung common problem phone struck every time. When I am receiving incoming call touch pad not working and phone also automatically struck. 6. Camera not good. 7. When i charged fully to my mobile, i cant use it properly at least for 5 hrs. may be its a battery problem ? why don't you check and replace with proper one? Please help me. Customer care peoples also not supported. 1st time I am facing 100%trouble in Samsung mobile. One of the biggest worst mobile.
Philosophy is best for Samsung lovers. Camera is average but I like the ultra wide camera. There are high frame drops in pubg after playing two or three matches that you have to restart your phone. Feels good in hand. Bezels are less than Remi note7 pro and screen whale is also better but way brushing in camera angle processor department. If you watching it for gaming then sorry this is not for you. Yes if you prefer Services and screen quality then go for it. It can handle heavily apps for short duration easily. And thanks battery backup is awesome sleigh fast charging but charging full takes time due to large battery size
A great budget phone. As regards to the fingerprint reader,it's not really worth it regarding its quality and speed.the back camera is somewhat good considering the price but that doesn't do for the front. Pictures taken by the front cam looks a bit "painted" and not very good for low light selfies. What impressed me was the 5000 Mah battery that last fully through a day with a full charge.you can take it further up using the low power mode and managing your apps judiciously.The phone also gets a bit heated up after longer use at the top part. Overall a good phone for this price for college students and a great budget phone !
Worst quality. Using 40days so far. Not games player and neither heavy  user of apps.. Didn't realize the touch screen issues so many days. I was assuming app issue. You tube maximize option Not working properly. Observed the same behaviour while news browsing. One day none of the apps I was able to open from shortcut or recent option. I was trying to make payment using pattu in petrol station. Tried opening google pay etc. Went to recent apps. Even there I wasn't able to open any app. SIMPLY MY TOUCH WAS DUMB. Touch screen Not working correctly. Didn't expect this quality from Samsung after spending Rs.13k.
Really pathetic service by Amazon which was not expected. I got a defective Samsung Galaxy M20 as I am not able to update any of software and apps,  while trying for a replacement for that defective product Amazon executive asked me to register for a technical check appointment for the device and I was ready to go for that but again with Amazon technical glitz I was not able to get any slots..  I mean if we have to replace a defective item why we have to suffer then much process.. Which one turn doesn't work. Amazon need to work on this and provide efficient solution.
I received used broken product. Then I informed it to the Amazon.in and they promised me to send new mobile for me. I received new mobile after 5 days. Mobile is good. Selfie "camera quality" is better than rear one. "Battery life" , display, touch, "fingerprint reader" is the best. If you are not using mobile phone for PUBG then go for it. PUBG के अलावा भी दुनिया होती है l  In the box = mobile handset, charger, and user manual..... No backcover, No screengaurd, no earphones..
Good fingerprint reader but bad camera, i am using this phone since last 2 months i newer find a single good pic in low light, and selfie in night is just a blurred photo. Its dual camera change straight objects photo in curved one. Galaxy j5 2014 camera was much more better than this m20 phone camera. Features mentioned are good but they don't work properly. Its 5000mah battery is equivalent to 4000mah of other any phone in this range. If i compare this m20 phone with my previous galaxy j5 phone, Samsung made me fool. But still i am using it because i am happy with Samsung's display and sound quality
I purchased the product on 5th Feb, writing review on 21st may. Pros: good display, good UI, good ram management,  excellent battery, decent camera. Cons: The first and the foremost quality of any MOBILE PHONE IS TO MAKE PHONE CALLS, AND THIS HAS THE WORST, IT FAILS TO MAKE CALL IN FIRST ATTEMPT MOST TIMES, I NEED TO RESTART TO GET NETWORK. EVEN WHEN IM STANDING NEAR THE TOWER. IT DOES NOT EVEN CATCH THE 4G NETWORK. Sometimes fails to detect finger print. Bad speakers, not even properly audible in full volume. On earphones it's great with Dolby atmos.
I bought new phone  Samsung M20 in last 15 days ago. I got problem touch is very poor and hanging issues  as well. I am very sad with this phone Samsung M20.  Please i am requesting do not go in Samsung. Hanging is major issue always with Samsung phone.
So I bought this one and returned it another day! Reason was a very simple one... Camera was not at all clear and it had a fault that my fingerprint scanner was loose and was moving in and out on pressing. So just got it exchanged!  Battery life was good enough Camera -(1/5) Fingerprint - Maybe good one but mines was just a faulty piece.
samsung could not change what they expected to change , the 5000 mah battery is a nominal battery  and its down in 1 night only ,however application stop automatically when we work on ,no change in sound quality, trying to make a  customizer for low - on -selling and cut-off  of amazon pay limited time ,  🤬🤬🤬🤬
It was working well for first five months.Recently started a new issue was unable to answer calls at first incidence as touch was not responding few times. Also today it was  a new incident where my mobile has fallen from my hands accidentally.Tempered glass was safe as it has no damage but screen has damaged.
Camera quality is quite bad actually and found that camera angle is not direct and weirdly focused. Screen and color reproduction is fair. Battery life is very good. Touch response deteriorate over last six months. Phone is bulky and heavy. Call quality and reception is not that good. Overall just okay deal.
Biggest problem I've faced is, while mobile network is full and my cell phone is ON, I've got feedback from my callers that calls not getting connected. And this issue is being getting repeated several times. I've checked it with both sim cards. So there is no issue with mobile network operators. And the next issue is battery draining out fast and charging time also getting longer day by day. But still I've ordered same product for my teen son.
I like battery of this phone but it's processor is not good  you can't play games like pubg you can set HD graphics but you can't play even in smooth settings, and in low light camera is not good ,and also I don't like it's screen touch after some time you feel like water in screen after putting temper guard its my personal opinion for screen and you can't use phone without guard because they don't give any protection in screen .In this phone we can't lock apps without download external apps it's irritating and also they don't give privacy space and it's finger print sensor is too bad overall not bad in normal use
Samsung need to improve its quality inspection especially on the cosmetic part. There was glue on the right side of the screen, through the whole length. To avoid hassle of returning and since I will have to travel on Sunday. I thought I will keep the phone and tried removing the glue residue by myself but still the glue is not completely removed however it's not much visible now. Since I'm from manufacturing background this is totally unacceptable from a reputed brand like Samsung. Especially when you are trying to regain the market in this segment through your galaxy m series. So far didn't find any other issues with it. I just received the same today morning.
tis product was slow charging batary pack up is only 20 hours camara is not clearity complitly product was fail unconfertable used 5 min cl very hot nt a battery quality feacher is fake picture quality is nt clearity all of fake feacher
Samsung may give 4GB or 6GB or 1TB RAM but there is always going to be a performance issue. Phone hangs with simple operations.  Samsung official service center does not have parts to replace. I am pursuing the service center for replacement of damaed M20 screen for about a month now. Still the center don't have received the parts. Worst service ever.
Bit disaapointed by this purchase. Primarily due to below reasons 1.Screen is uneccessarily smooth that makes typing extremely difficult. My advice would be try it atleast once before buying. 2. There is no LED notification light. So you have to keep opening the phone to check for any missed calls or messages. 3. Further decreasing the rating to 1 star after 2 weeks of use. Battery takes way too much time to charge up.  Many of the apps wont open by clicking once.
The overall product is very good but there is no app lock and data speed indicator. After 2 or 3 months  the bettry life will starts to verydecrease slightly. Sometimes it's  get heated when u play heavy games.the camera quality is very good and the fingerprint quality is also satisfied but the face unlock is slow and sometime the face detection doesn't  work.there is c type charger with 5000 battery.it almost takes 2 hour and 15 min to complete  full charge from 0 %.the battery life  is very impressive it gives a very nice battery  backup. If you are a normal regular user then it will not disappoint you.
Not a good phone regretting for purchasing this phone. This  model cannot be exchange to buy a new phone. Also the phone gets heated too fast and often. Also there is network issue and call drop problem with this phone model. Sound quality also very bad. I have a habit of keeping chocolate in my bag from when I have started using this phone the chocolate in my bag started melting so you can see the effect of how much this phone gets heated never experienced this problem with the other phone models which I have used previously.  A waste of money to buy this phone.
Battery life, Performance and selfie camera are up to mark.  But don't have notification light. I mean how do we know that if get any message, call, if we keep in silent mood. Biggest draw back without notification light is charging status. You will not get to know whether phone is charging or not. If suddenly disconnected charging and you don't realize, no way you can trace it. This should be implemented. There are other brand products even with cheapest price, having this option. . Not sure what made Samsung to disable this. Otherwise I would have give 4 star.
After 5 months of use Pros - good screen and good camera Cons- internet speed sucks (compared with mi note 4 same location same operator m20 struggles to download a 2mb video while note 4 does it in 20sec both using jionet and keeping besides) It hangs to much even my more then half of storage is blank Since last few days a new prob started while receiving call whn u swipe green button the call is terminated  Now even the phone lost its fast charging capacity  Better don't buy this phone
Bakwasss
Samsung galaxy m20 is one of the average phone launched by Samsung in a range of Rs.9999. It offers us a wide range of features whether it is about battery life, fingerprint sensor or daylight picture quality. But it lacks mainly in features like slow motion vedio recording , night camera quality or in the box content. After all it is sum up of all features which is offered by other brands in higher prices. The feature I like the most is battery life, no heating issue and the dislike was a gaming performance, if you are an normal day to day user , then it is one of the best phones in this price range.
It's not been one month. I purchased it on 19th February.  Yesterday while getting the mobile charged it show that moisture has been detected in your charger/USB port. What the hell! It's so sophisticated then why Samsung even made it. It's gets hang very often. Worst product ever purchased from Amazon.
Waste of money Don't buy... It heats up during video recording and recording stops automatically and no apps will work then. We have to switch it off and switch on after some time to make the mobile work. Auto brightness doesn't work and we have to struggle to read in sunny outdoors.I purchased it for 12000/ and disposed it at 8000/.
Hangs too much... and came with touch faults...camera v poor...
there are appreciable options in camera like wide angle mode, full screen camera but picture quality is poor and it doesn't make sense having prior features. phone responds slowly when you unlock the phone. gets over heated with gaming. I know all this before buying this phone but I had no option at that time I was in urge of buying so I ended up with this. now we might have other options under 12000 range. battery backup is extraordinary. lasts for 2 days with quite heavy usage. build quality is ok and it really doesn't matter to me because I never use any phone without back case. simply put camera and heavy gaming is your main criteria then a big no for this.
It is good phone...everything is good with this mobile...but 2 problems are their:- 1) camera:- camera works really good in day time..and in sunlight...but at night it becomes worst..and front camera is not so good at night and day both... 2) charging problem:- after 2 weeks of purchasing this phone..it took like 5 hours to get fully charge..and sometimes only 2 hours....i suffer 2 months with this problem...and go to mobile service centre..they said go to samsung centre they will replace ur phone..but after a week of that..an update came into my phone..and now it's properly charging...
Samsung gives best price for this product with the advantage of battery life, camera is not having good clarity, touch screen sensitivity is poor and hangs sometimes as most Samsung mobiles do, fingerprint reader is difficult to identify without visual..
Brought the phone last week and started facing network issues within 3-4 days. The phone shows full network but the mobile data does not work sometimes, so i have to turn off the mobile data and turn it on again for it to work. Called amazon customer service and at first they were not willing to beleive that i am facing this issue and after a 40 minutes call they assigned a technician. Today the technician came and he did not face the network issue az he used the phone just for 5 minutes. As i only face this issue sometimes while using the phone and i already clearly mentioned this to the amazon customer service and the technician, amazon is not willing to replace the device.
few things disappointed me Very Imp - when you report your problem to Amazon, they just provide false commitment and silly promise. My phon is defective, i want a replacement or refund. I tried calling several times to Amazon and Samsung but only i have " we are looking into this, your are a valuable customer"  Don't ever buy from Amazon  1 Extra noise during call, which cause headache 2 Not good camera 3 Fingerprint reader should vibrate during attempt 4 battery is not working well according to 5000 mah battery
I just hate this product. The camera quality is simply pathetic and the other issues include excessive heating of device during charging and continuous screen hanging issue. The front as well as back camera clicks all blur pictures in normal mode.  I want to return this product at the earliest, but Amazon is not accepting the return of this product even within the first 10Days of order placement. Never buy this phone. #Pathetic #customerservice
Buy only if you want long battery life. Processor is slow. Camera quality is very poor. Finger print sensor is slow and location is not properly reachable. Also the screen is TFT and not even LCD which is the worst when using it from a brand like samsung. Wanted to return the phone on the 3rd day of use. Cant expect this from samsung. Mi 6, Mi Note 6 pro is far much better in camera quality, finger print sensor and battery life with same price range.  Camera quality - 4/10 Battery - 9/10 Finger print sensor - 5/10 Screen - 4/10
please do not purchase samsung m20 as the battery life is too less even though it is mentioned 5000 mah , please dont purchase for sake of 5000 mah and the display is extremely poor, i will say i have redmi note 3 and its been 2 years and the display of redmi note 3 is better than samsung m20 , i asked for refudn and even though they are not initaiting the refund , please please dont purchase samsung
We purchased M20 on 11th April and found there is a defect in My mobile, where the voice of the MIC is not audible for Incoming and Out going calls.  we have checked with Service Center : 0008301163 and service center person told that the MIC sound will be the low when compare with any other mobiles. Model Number: Model name : SM-M205FZBGINS , Serial Number: RZ8M305V4JP(354554103943930) . I am not happy with the Product and the way responded in the service center.  Please let me know who can support for this issue....... My mobile number: 9940652928.  VENKATESH B
I got this phone today itself.. I was pretty excited about it.. however now I am disappointed.. because once I start the phone and update all my apps it started heating up frm back, now I am not sure whether to use this phone or not.. and the selfie camera is a waste.. even it is not important for me.. Now the phone is so hot I can literally iron cloth with it.. not expected this from Samsung.. :( Now it started to hang as well often.. So my suggestion would be not to buy this phone..
It's alright for the price range however the phone hangs a lot even during the first few days. Touch sensitivity needs to be improved. Processor falls slow when multiple applications are running. Brightness is also a bit problematic.  Battery seems to be good. However phone overheats quickly. Too many useless Samsung apps preinstalled without options of uninstalling.
I purchased the samsung M20 June 2019.Since the purchase the mobile many problems. 1.Sometimes camera not working,once restart the mobile then working properly. 2.During Incoming and Outgoing call sound only came ,after 10 sec display shows the contact number. 3.Most of the times mobile Slow,even i am not installled many application and games. 4.While incoming call the green button not working.once power button off and on then only the green button working. 5.While using any app,back button press,after 10 sec only the app went back. That much slow the mobile.
Seriously guys... It's a request... please don't buy this m 20. Camera is too bad.  PUBG lags in this phone. Game play is very slow. Samsung UI is worst. Display is not good. Operating systems verybad. But battery is excellent. Go for another handsets. AGAIN plz don't buy this phone.
It's the worst phone ever seen. Hangs a lot. When I type anything to send msg it does 10 things at a time in a screen and then stop. For everything it hangs. Worst part is no return and replacement to other model. Amazon told me technician will come n check if its really hanging issue then they will replace with same phone. I don't know when will this be replaced. I lost faith in this mobile. Now while typing this msg also its getting hanged.
Charging is pathetic. It takes full night to get it charged to 40%. Don't receive VOLTE properly. Signal strength is one or two bars only. One has to switch to 3G for full signal strength. Service is worst. Service center said changed motherboard. It was only ten days when I bought this phone. Camera is average that was the only thing for which I bought this phone. But it didn't meet expectations.
Totally waist of money worst smartphone from samsung... It starts hangs after 5th day of purchase... Im very much dissappointed with this product samsumg service sentre also deny to replace this... Worst worts phone
 being lover of samsung brand...i had never expected this worst series  m20...bought it in first sale..i found it hanging from first day....unable to play pubg due to hanging problem.Its touch working after clicking power button off..bad nd pathetic  series..talked to samsung care 10 times they are totally helpless.Dont buy it...
My phone is only 10 days old and it hangs a lot. Touch doesn't work properly. Many a time, when I call someone or receive a call, the disconnect button and call receive button doesn't work. Didn't like the phone. Unhappy with the purchase. Cannot even return since the return window is closed. Really disappointed.
Please don't buy this product, I purchased this for my wife, starting it was good running fast. After 6 months it's becoming slow. Now to open a lock screen it's taking 10sec, for unlocking it's taking 10 seconds, to open call app it taking 10 seconds.  To say if you want to make call when the phone is locked it will take 30 second to do that. While making call also you can hear the ring but you can't see the display if you want to turn on loud speaker you need to wait for another 10 seconds,  I won't recommend any Samsung phones. It's better to avoid those phones
The phone performance is great but the reason i gave it 1 star is because the phone has a heating problem. My phone would work perfectly when im in a cold place but when ever im out in the sun or even in the car the phone heats up badly. Hen i figured out this problem, i contacted the customer care and went to the nearest samsung repair centre, at the centre they asked me to change the battery and i was asked to pay for that when my phone was in perfect condition less than 1 months old. It didnt seem ethical to me so i thought of not using the device. Samsung please solve my problem.
Writing this review after one month of use. This phone is very slow. I'm using normal daily basis apps not any heavy usage but still this phone is very slow. Don't go for this phone. This phone lacks speed & display contrast of this phone is not good. so don't go for this phone & don't purchase it.
In the product i got delivered , there is a problem in display n touch its not working properly same way itz got stuck while using n having an incoming calls...!! I have requsted for Refund bt they have said that only they can replace another. FIRST IMPRESSION IS "WORST" IMPRESSION
Charging time is very high. Touch response is very slow. Battery quick descharge. Finger print Denver is slow. Very poor quality phone. There is many better options in the less than 1000 WIFI CONNECTION SEARCHING IS TAKE BIG TIME. When charging the phone it very  hot and phone does not work for 10 to 15 minutes
Samsung M20 4x64GB is bit slower than 3GB Ram Lenovo. M20 sim tray isn't quality checked I guess it has scratches dents on. I had tough times to set the sims and memory card on and insert it to phone.  Overall it's not a very good phone.  Cheap quality for the money we spent. Charger cable is short and weak. The ends of cable would not last for 6 months. Amazon cheated me with high price without return policy.
this phone is just a piece of junk i can say, 3 days up now and phone gets hanged,need to restart erverytime, internet doest work properly, 5000mAh is just for name sake, battery gets drained off by 7 hours without using media, excellent fast charge 3X(TAKES 3.17MINS TO FULL CHARGE) wherein other phones does its job in 1.52mins MAX. Customers please check 10 times before buying this junk. I just wasted my time waiting for flash sale
Pathetic services from amazone phone fingerprint not working properly in new phone from day one and coustmer care is asking to do many thing like u have to follow software updating then we will check through blanco app then we will give you return services.as a coustmer why I do and now I'm paying for defective item my money. And the coustmer  care service agents are so unprofessional  and rude. Now onward I will not buy anything from Amazon. Flipkart services are far better then you. Learn something from them.
I want to return this phone as it's not working properly, Team please help me out to return this phone to seller.  As facing call receiving, call hangup and after some times 30 to 40 seconds phone going in silent mode and then call getting disconnected  Please suggest the way forward to return this phone or replace with some other product.
This phone doesn't have a good processor u cant use more apps the phone always get stuck and if u r a gamer please avoid this phone.  The cam is just ok finger print also a draw back in this phone.  Touch pad was worst some times after 50 percent charging the touch pad will not work u need to restart then it will work. As all the Samsung phones stuck it is also same and more than other series.  The only good thing is battery. Just in 2 months the price dropped to 9999 only I'm really disappointed. 😔  Please dont go for this phone.
I bought this product in feb. I am so fed up that i hink pf going back to uaong my MI Redmi 6. The touch hangs so much rendering the phone useless. I constantly have to lock it using the powerkey and then unlock using the finger scanner. Then only woyld it regain toch senstivity.  I dont sugeest anyone to waste money on this good for nothing phone.
The phone is very much stylish, sleek and looks elegant. However, performance wise, it has some issues like it doesn't always support 2 VOLTE networks simultaneously. Moreover, the touch response is erratic at times. The erratic behaviour is more pronounced near the edges thus making it difficult to operate single handedly and quite often, a lag is experienced especially while typing. Camera is clear and sharp and does the job. Battery life is outstanding.
The purpose  of mobile not find in this phone. The voice quality in call  find very very bad. Which is not expected. Mobile is for calling but here in this phone u do everything  except calling. I also examine the network but I found network  is good but problem with phone.
Galaxy M20 is the best in the smartphone! don't hesitate to go for it! It's really a Cool one and really amazes you and 100% satisfies you. It had so many unique features and Design was ultimately awesome! Don't listen to the negative reviews pls! And i forget to tell you that this one  really a Worth for money product
Pros: Exellent Face recognistion Finger Print sensors are good Best looks, design Sleek and stylish Canera is good  Cons: Heats up like anything when 4 or more task run simultaneously Battery backup is not upto the mark Display hangs, doesn't  function at many instances Little large to use with one hand  I don't  recommend this phone. Cheap and low stabdard product from Samsung
I am mi user earlier. Phone looks wise very good but its getting hung while opening. And speed is bit less compared to mi. Apps getting crashed. Not worth to buy and no value for money. They have give samsung Exynos processor. I feel Snapdragon processor is much more better than this one. And coming to games.... No way. 1 hour playing of any game, phone getting heat. Camera lovers... There is no slow motion video in this. No head phones. Cannot switch multiple apps very fastly.  Good thing is infinity screen,  Sound quality is good. My recommendation not to buy.
I bought this phone on the very first sale. Inital experience was very nice. But to my horror when I charged the phone it doesn't charge. The charger was fine, there might be some issue in hardware. And after a while phone got switched off. Although Amazon returned my product and refunded money in 3 days, i am unable to delete my data from phone as it was off. Very very worst experience of Samsung. I suggest never buy Samsung, I had purchased Note 6 Pro at the same price, and believe me its working fine.  ** The service of Amazon was good from shipping to refunding but this M 20 S****
The mobile is OK on looks. I have noticed 2 major issues  1). Touch is not working properly, Not at all  smooth experience 2). Phone is getting over heating on 10mints camera usage (on Video Recording)  I had a very bad experience earlier with Samsung S7 edge, now againt i got into this brand trap...
Well, phone is good, but the display started showing vertical lines exactly on 20th day of purchase, Samsung has 15days replacement warranty, missed it by 5 days. Had to spend half a day in samsung service center to get the display changed free of cost. My assumption that buying a reputed brand will not have any issues, but I was proven wrong. All electronic items are the same, cant trust them.
I got M 20 and M30 both but honestly not happy with processors coz it started hanging M30 in 2 months and M20 within 6 month and when sometime you put your  finger on finger touch  do not unlock at at a go . You have to try twice a d thrice and camera is poor than the other ones in this price range , Samsung just worked on battery which  is only thing that are giving against our investment
Very very worst service from amazon. Forcing me to use the deffected product. Every one other than amazon can see the white bright spot on the screen, in the photo uploaded(see the deffect in the photo on the end of word "messages" ).I realised the deffect immediately after the purchase, but they don't want to replace the product. I contacted their custpmer care, uploaded the photos, but neither their executive nor their system couldn't recognise the deffect.they gie me oe service centre link. Bu it s also not respoding.. Better to go flipkart for onine puchase.
Poor quality display , just in 12 days various issues started in the phone, we called amazon but they told after 10 days we can't replace / return the phone so they told us to go to samsung care center , after reaching there they told us that the phone is having physical damage  inspire of the fact that the screen was ok and screen protection glass was in good condition, after all they charged us 4500₹ for the screen replacement......poor response from Samsung helpline mentioning that we overpressed the phone screen, just negligence from Samsung and amazon team.....
After 5 months of using this phone, phone hung issue and touch issue seen in higher rate. Moreover I am having only basic apps installed, still the issue is seen.  To temporarily recover from this issue, need to rest app performance atleast once in every 3 days and clean the memory every day.  Worst phone.. I promise that u will look for replacing the phone after 4-6 months of usage.
Lot of software issues. Battery problems. Phone is already dead just in 4months of minimal usage.  Note : Only 3 apps were used WhatsApp, Voot and MxPlayer.  Google Play Services don't work properly on this device. Play store doesn't work.  Actually many of the apps crash due to unstable Google Play Services.  Battery drains out quickly.  Camera is just average.
Seems Good but Heavy. Haven't used it fully or tried all the functions and its capabilities. Bought it for my mom. Had to put a screen guard and back cover for protection. After this, using it often seems like doing exercise and the wrists dont like the weight unless kept on a surface. The Display looks very good as is the battery. The startup screen of Samsung is exciting due to the stories it pulls up out of web. It's definitely better in many ways than the Jseries except its weight and thinness.
One of the worst product from Samsung. Very slow operating product.performance of connecting internet is not at level.i suggest people don't go for this product ..it doesn't met the expectations as it has 4gb ram in built.perfomrs not even at level.touch is very bad ..only Camara you can expect some good clicks at daylight..become very slow now and irritates alot as some time net connectivity goes off itself ..I dont know which technology has been used by brand samsung..totally utter waste of investment on this cell phone.
Totally worst product from Samsung M20 i dis-agree from this type of rejected product supplied by amazon and product of brand called Samsung, from day one we are facing charging issues in phone hence we had changed adapter with data cable need help for this product if the trusted brand Samsung will do like this type of customer unsatisfactory work how we can trust for newest product in future. Hope in future this will not repeat & will get technical support with free of cost from technical department. Thanks for your great support Amazon & Samsung
This is not worth to buy Don't spend your money to bye this one  - Camera quality is horrible  - Face lock is not working as expected  - A dailer function is also not proper  - Handset weight is also little more than other  - Gallery function also not sorted/configured properly  - Default theme app icon also like childish Only plus point is Battery back up - But not like it will run for a week without charging :D  I don't recommend this mobile
Hi every one after I am using this mobile after one month I am very shock for many issu I am facing face unlock and fingerprint u look so slove not working properly mobile also not not good mobile speed very poor and slov every my reqwest to you please dont west your many and dont buy this mobile Please don't buy Very poor built quality. I tried to return mobile handset but unfortunately there is no return policy. You can only replace this. Very disappointed with Mobile Samsung M20. Many better options available with less price.
It's been a week I'm using M20, not at all gud. Hangs every time. Ringtone doesn't working. Screen goes black all of sudden and after which nothing works and No option to power off or restart. Data cable quality is worst. Adapter is gud. Charging also it takes 3 to 4 hrs for ful charging. Wats the use of going 15w adapter than? Over all my suggestion is to think once again before you buy.  Camera clarity is awesome. Screen resolution is very gud. Since I'm facing other issue mentioned above I'm not happy with the product. This is my review on the product I received last Friday.
Looks premium, awesome design, but I am badly missing 'double-tap screen on' feature and the notification LED. Processor is reasonably fast, no lag and heating issues by far. Big battery (lasts 1.5 days with moderate use), Dolby sound and dragontrail glass make it a good product to go for. Camera picture quality is okay type, not great.  I found it quite slow after 1 month use. I also use redmi note 4 and redmi mobiles with snapdragon anyday the best mobiles to buy. So, don't think it can beat Redmi note series or other mobiles with Snapdragon processor.
The live focus mode in this phone is very very bad.only 1times out of 100 it will correctly detect your edges.the second bad thing on this phone is on which it was advertised,'Battery'The battery performance is poor according to its battery capacity.it never give me more than 1.5days along on average uses.but the charging is fast enough.The 3rd bad thing is its face unlock.it will unlock your phone even with your picture.The most horrible thing which make this phone a garbage is its network frequency.phone hamesa emergency call pe chala jata h aur speed bilkul bhi nhi ata h even in good network area
Don't buy this go for redmi note 7/7pro to much software limitations not even updated android pie. light sensor not working properly.(no light sensor use front camera as virtual light sensor)too much lag in normal apps like youtube & twitter. only reason to buy this phone is if u don't trust china brand phone
Unfortunately I had to buy M20 as I was in rush and my S7 edge was broken.  There were no earfones, the touch does not work many a times which irritates and I never faced this prb with my S7 edge. The camera is not that great..just ok. If I am playing a video or listening to a song and during that if somebody calls me, the video wont stop which is quite surprising. The keypad also stucks while typing. Anyways I should not expect or compare it with my old one , as it is not that expensive.
I used a Redmi 4 before this and I must say, the fingerprint scanner is a tortoise (yes, this one loses when compared with Mi, and I am not an Mi Fan at all). Overall UI transition is too slow, you can feel the lag in everything you do with this phone. Camera and screen are just fabulous!! Also, the battery is just amazing. Just wish they'd have used a good processor, that would make the overall experience a 5 star.  All in all, not bad for the price range, if you disregard app launching performance. Once launched, apps work at normal speeds.
this phone only two very good things 1st battery is good 2nd display for streaming online videos and all other specs is very bad i didn't recommend this phone who use lots of messages and notification or gaming this phone only for watching movies and web series because it have widevine l1 support. this phones display open slow, when calls come phone will ring and vibrate but display will open after 1 or 2 second. fingerprint is super slow, wake up time when power button press is super slow,so please guys don't buy this phone.
This is the worst ever mobile I purchased . Don’t buy and amazon after sell support is pathetic.  1. Heating issues- mobile is getting heated more than 44degree celsius. 2. Getting hanged multiple times 3. Issues with brightness 4. Video lag is happening and its not because of buffering. This is because of some hardware issues.  I tried reaching the customer support and they tried with some diagnostic which is pathetic and not giving any solution. I am still struggling with them to either get it fixed or replaced.
I m writing this review after using one month.Its 4GB/64 GB variant. 1)Phone started getting  hang within one month still 2GB RAM& 45 GB memory is free, even I have not yet installed any heavy applications.Cant understand why! 2)Samsung is also not providing any support  just saying it reset it your problem will be solved. 2)Over all design and battery is good. 3)Camera is just OK. I can conclude that Samsung has not yet overcome about their hanging issue in phones,even after such a good specification.I want refund If they can.
im using m20 in last 2 days, as per my experience , little bit hang problem during playing PUBG, and 3rd party browser open krne pe bi, even sab update kar liya. lekin stil chipak rha hai little bit kabhi kabhi. and talking about design and grip best feel like a brand .. but disappointed with hang problem. starting me ye hai to after 6 month aap smjh skte ho.
I can give overall 3.5 star for this. Internet connectivity is slow when compared to mi mobile, checked with same sim in both the devices. Front camera is not that good considering 8 mp produces too much smooth artificial images of faces for selfies. Back camera is good enough. Battery backup and charging is the most plus point and best point of the phone. Device should have been more thinner and lighter would be great.
Picture quality  is as the same as previous samsung mobiles in this range. No special improvement.  Sound quality  is improved and i quite impressed.  Battery life is not as i expected, i thought it will last minimum  for 2 days but its last for 1.5days maximum.  The major issue is battery heats up while playing games. Within 20 mins of continuous gaming,the upper  portion of the mobile heats up.  This issue has to be resolved as i prefer Samsung  mobiles for long term use,but if the heating issue continues then i have to switch  it within 6 months
its legging issue, after few days use antutu score 25k decrease bcoj beg issue in fon, processor is not 7904, its 7885
After using it from last 4 months finally I am writing this review. Pros: 》Budget phone 》Good battery backup. Cons: 》Lots of Samsung bloatware apps 》Fingerprint sensors is not that fast. 》Camera quality is average 》Sometimes keyboard hangs 》Sometimes if backkey is press it erases all text.
Camera is very good and the best part is battery life it just goes on. Cons are : 1) poor touch screen scensor  , very bad scrolling 2) too heavy 3) does not come with gorilla glass 4) Designing part needs improvement.
The Samsung M20 failed to charge as per the said time. Despite its boastful claim of 5000mah battery, the 15W fast charger took 4 hours and 12 minutes to charge the first time from 0% to 100%.  I did a hard reset and drained my battery entirely. In my second charge, the phone took 2 hours to only charge 26%.  I have posted a photo of it but I’m not able to upload two photos to show the stopwatch I had running to prove my claim.
Nothing Special, Only Highlight is 5000Mah Battery, But it Drains Quickly. Camera is Below Average, Sound is Very Low :( Processor is Worst 😡 Mobile Hangs So Much is Normal Usage.  Don't Buy M20 💔 Waste Of Money
Overall operation sucks, hangs every now n then. Very slow fingerprint senser response. Camera is great in this range (only plus point along with 'C type charger' and battery point) but overall the phone is not worth it.  Worse part is that it does not show up the exchange list neither here nor on flipkart that you can replace it for other mobiles. I really regret spending 13k on this.  Total rating would be 2/5 👎
The phone looks super. Camera and battery life is superb. But fast charging is not at all fast, just regular. So many ads popping up again and again, makes it irritating. Mind you, its not that ads are coming when we run an app, but when we unlock the phone, every single time. I don't  know how to make the ads go away. Also 4G is too slow, like gprs or edge. Only 3G speed is possible.
Product is not at all good, camera clarity bad doesn't gives the output of 13mp camera also. 5000mah battery takes full night charging and charges Only 90%. Full charge comes for one day with no Pubg and videos. Very poor with network. Jio and airtel that works on another mobile at same location doesn't show network in this mobile even after changing network settings. No support from Amazon and now I can't even sell this product for half price.
Bought on 12th June. Not even two months of usage-and the board has gone kaput. Doesn't switch on. Doesn't charge. Bought it for my parents.  Took it to the service centre they repaired it. Said problem was with the board.  Again 1.5 months later. Same issue. Switched off. Not charging. Not working. This time the service center has replaced the board.  4 months 2 repairs. Let's see what happens next.  Didn't expect this from Samsung at all.
It's a stylish phone which nice display which is bright and premium looking but the camera quality is very poor, the selfie cam is not that good but its average yeah but the rear camera is not goods, the camera is a disappointment. If camera is not your priority then go for it otherwise this phone is not for you.
Pros: Display is superb, clear pixel and batter backup is OK Cons: -Phone always hangs, mandatory need to reboot every day otherwise you can't use the phone at all. -Camera is worst than 8MP i didn't expect this from Samsung. -Touch didn't work then need to lock the phone and unlock to make working. it occurred very often, workaround reboot everyday. -Touch sensitivity is very bad - 2.8GB RAM used by Android and samsung UI, only 1GB is provided to user purpose that why phone hangs and not responding touch
with a new series I thought that samsung will increase there quality. But still samsung smartphones are same as old smartphones. My samsung M20 start hanging just after inserting sim cards. it hangs every time in normal uses like after watching youtube the disply does not respond even after having 4GB of RAM. So advice to everybody  don't purchase.
Don't buy this phone. One of the worst phone. My sis asked some phone to buy. I suggested this phone beavuse of Samsung name. That's why I didn't suggest other phones. But I ditched her hard earned money. Worst battery, heavy, touch response is not good, camera is worst.
It's great phone value for Money. After one month ussage auto brightness not working properly ( night time). When I bought this phone it's heating issues as march and April month high temperature. May 30 Samsung released new Android Pie version after updated phone the phone working very well. 1) Automatic brightness working perfectly 2) No heating issues for 100 digress farrenheat 3) Phone performance is good
'Quite disappointment' is what may be summed up regarding the performance of the product. Just couple of days after using the handset, there's an acute issue of plugging the charger with the handset. All the time of connecting the charger with handset, it says , " Moisture has been detected. Unplug the charger and wait until both the charger and USB port are dry".  Now obviously, the charging of the battery is almost used up leaving the handset to be a mere object-of-no-use.
This mobile M20  will frequency hang it it takes several minutes to recover, also sometimes it will call anybody automatically without your wish eventually you will get embarrassed. and hell lot of pop up ads will appear when you unlock your screen. It's so irritating that in emergency call and ads appear and you need to close the ads before making emergency call, you will feel like smashing it on the floor. Battery life is awesome in 1st month only
I was a tad disappointed. That could have been because, with all the hype surrounding the M20, I was expecting a lot more from it than I got. I've got the Samsung Galaxy S8 as well so the quality of the M20 doesn't come anywhere close to the S8. The M20 isn't a bad phone. In fact, I think it's a good phone. It just isn't a GREAT phone.
This was the worst phone which I never seen  in my life, why I was telling like that means I presented it to my wife as gift but my daughter without knowing thrown in water but with in seconds I take that phone went to service centre they told after one day like motherboard was not working and tpu need to change overall it will cost around 7000 technology improving a lot but we are not getting water proof relevant in phone I bought a month back useless for me, Mi brand is providing better that this
I bought the phone on 8th Feb and have been facing a lot of difficulties. The screen gets frozen in every 30 secs and the back button works only after 5-10 secs of freeze. There are random phone calls being made from the phone, It even feeds numbers in the web page or app without any input. Please dont buy this phone.
I really regret for buying this product.  I did not expect this from Samsung. Screen freezes when I receive a call and Touch does not work. so I cant attend the call.  It happens 80% of the times and  I can't say how much it annoys me. Finger print  scanner takes 5 seconds some times and 2 seconds on average.
Don't waste money in purchase of this product ....I purchased this phone in April 2019...I am facing a big network issue with this phone...i use idea sim that too single sim since buying, not receving proper signal strength to receive data fast....every time YouTube videos will buffer in this phone even sigal and data is available in phone..... It's of waste when your phone doesn't give good internet experience.....  WASTE OF MONEY......
Poor battery ....spoke to Amazon technical support Mr Nutan ( supervisor) ..total ludacris solution...the technician is asking me to turn off GPS and  INTERNET to check battery life . Why on earth a person would buy a smart phone if you do not want to use these two important features...rather buy a phone for just Rs 1500 ..the new phone battery being a 5000 MaH is only 6hrs...as per the tech support it should give 28 hrs " as per lab conditions" felt like laughing...there is no logic in solution.
There some problems in this mobile -  1- Battery backup is not like 5000mah. It's new today but when be old then how it will perform? 2- it's new but always ask to update software. Why it's. 3- Camera quality is not as expected.
Please don't  buy this phone. Reasons. 1. Very poor fingerprint sensor. 2. Very poor  signal connection. 3. No Voice in calls sometimes. This  is a lag in phone not network. 4. Very slow processor for PuBG like games. 5. Battery is fine. 6. Very low camera quality  not what Samsung  is famous for. 7. Face recognition is also not fast. 8. Build  Quality  is very very poor. Without  Temper  and Cover phone is like a piece  of low quality  plastic  toy.
Battery is decent otherwise nothing works properly fingerprint lacks camera is like 3.2MP no low light photo can be taken accept battery phone is below average seriously I bought just because of Samsung branding currenty using iPhone so that’s why I think I didn’t like the camera and sensor but of u are on low budget go for it but it’s better to add some more money and go for upper version of smart phones
VoLTE working for both the SIM Slot Vodafone +Jio tried successfully. The Device will work with all the LTE Service providers.Battery back up is  good but it is not high speed Turbo charging. Overoll system performance is ok.The RF Performace is not good (Mainly due to the Exinos processor instead of Qualcome) at the low coverage areas,call is getting interrupted at cell edge.Medium budget users can opt this phone
One of the Worst phone it takes 12 hours to charge phone and it says Fast charging when contacted customer care I need to contact Samsung customer service after taking phone to service centre also still same issue. So Please don't buy this M20 mostly fake paid review better go for some other brand phone.
So I am editing my earlier review, after using this phone for over 6 months now I can safely say it's one of the worst phones I have ever used in this price range. The phone regularly hangs up and the only solution is to lock and then unlock it. The problem has been very frequent of late. I don't the reason but the customer service has been very poor. The recent update might be a reason for it or the 'sasta' in-house processor that Samsung has used for the phone. I don't know exactly but the overall experience has been very poor.
Ths device is not upto marked as expected. Long time taking to recharge the battery,  over heating, internet access very slow, most of the time in disconnect status, and many problem facing.
Phone has big problem of network,  while with same sim and network working absolutely fine in other phone but in M20 it has signal issue. I have tried with Airtel & Jio both. First time i thought this would be issue with one of the phone Amazon exchanged my phone with new device but same problem exists. Also google backup can't download in this phone. Battery is good but phone also has a heating issue. No earphone with. Camera is good. Just affordable nothing amazing.
Bought - 21st feb, M series sale Today - 17th may Honest review after 2 months 24 days👌 Best part - 1. Performance 👍use multiple apps at the same time 2. Display (bright) amazing experience watching videos 3.Design - feels light(even on 5000mah battery) 4.finger print - smooth👌  Low points - 1. Battery 100%charge(  1 day 5 hours)😥 2. Camera - below average 🙁 3. Waiting for android 9 update
This mobile not satisfied and bad performance hanking problem and camera bad quality. Not fast changing  so I request all people  not purchase this mobile phone and and and Samsung companies vary bad and Froad
If you buy Samsung M20 mobile then you will be cheated & mentally harrassed by Samsung because voice calling quality is too bad can't reach your sound to other person & can't hear also. Facing network issue every time. Note: phone will only replace not refund. So be careful
Product delivered by Amazon, is defective product  , phone get heat while put on charging
Samsung M20 is a substandard product very very poor quality. In 20 days the display malfunctioned. Samsung service centre at Dadar opined that it happened due to a fall. I insisted that the mobile never fell. They then said the LCD has cracked due to it being pressed. This is ridiculous. They quoted me ₹4750 for replacement and I've brought the phone is just 1 month back. The service manager flatly said to speak to call centre. Disappointed ... not expected such a service from Samsung.  My complaint no is 4283096822
Product is good. But still tere is problem with my mobile. It's laggy, while using application gets stuck. Headset speaker is very bad during call vibrating near fingerprint sensor. Problem with the network 1-2 points on Jio and Airtel sim after sitting near to the window also. ( Problem faced by me ).  Battery life is good. Rear camera is good, front camera is bad. On screen and on back you can see fingerprint marks while usage. During gameplay phone starts heating and lagging, fingers also while start sweating.
This is my review after 1 month of using Lots of ads.... it annoys very very much, even if u are calling someone or taking a picture; advertisement comes in between, its very irritating. I tried to block ads by many means but it is not possible to block them. 1) camera- is good in light but there is no slow motion feature. 2) battery- is good . 3)Processor- is slow, so slow operating. 4) sound- Low volume of speaker. need improvement.. 5) fingerprint sensor and face detector is also slow
Mobile is not up to the mark, compared to it's competitors, it has got very less performance in all categories. When it comes to camera's performance it fails drastically, both rear and front, images are captured with broken pixels and it adds some noise in the images which leads to unrealistic image. Battery life will not exceed a day even after less usage. Look wise mobile looks fabulous, even display and some other new features are good in this mobile. But as a over all package it lags way long behind it's contenders.
Bought Samsung phone after a long long time had thought that samsung would have improved now looking at configurations of M20 but they have not learnt from the past mistake which resulted in market share loss to Redmi,Oppo,Vivo etc. Only positive is battery life which lasts for a day after heavy use. camera below average,screen hangs twice or thrice in a day which I am not accustomed to now a days. Display is average. Not buying samsung phone ever again in my life
I am writing this review after my one week of usage. 1) Display resolution and color effect is very good as in other Samsung phone. 2) Finger print sensor is good and quick responsive. 3) Camera photo clarity is not up to the mark, specially when we start auto focus. 4) Battery performance is not good even if it is having 5000 mAh battery, It consume more with normal usage of whatsapp, Youtube etc. 5) Advertisement problem on lock screen, even if we keep OFF for all marketing information.
When I heard it has a 5000mah battery,I felt happy and ordered immediately.Because of its battery number(5000mah) I compromised on rest of details I.e.,processor, camera,built quality and ect. But when I started using this phone I realized that all the pramoters of this phone fooled me. I'm a light user but it requires a charge again in between 9 hours. And also noice cancelation and speaker not up to mark. CHOICE IS YOURS. ☆☆ for battery, ☆☆ for built quality, ☆☆☆ for camera, ☆☆☆☆☆ for display
The network coverage  quality is very poor Jio sim network doesn't work properly in Samsung Galaxy m20 But Camera quality is awesome  phone look so sexy in blue color  battery backup was 100%better from all other  mobile I'm just disappointed wit network  coverage I use my jio sim in Nokia edition 1 the mobile  cost is only 4500 dat was working  excellent all time full network  but Samsung  Galaxy m20  Network  coverage  is very poor  .... If U  ignore  this then everything is better then mi mobile  ...
it automatically opens the applications... and when google is opened, it automatically does what it wants and search for something... never experienced these kind of worst phone... I never suggest to anybody to buy this phone. please take back your phone and return my money
the handset is not up-to the mark , my phone is simply troubling with the display  after a month of purchase unfortunately I couldn't replace my handset  Bcos it has a very minimum time of return policy .... dissapointed with the product definitely don't buy this Samsung M20
Hello there, its been a month now I am using this phone and trust me its had been a real pain in the ass since I using this as an secondary phone than also its performance is so poor i am hardly using 4-5 apps which is installed apart from the default apps you get with this phone. The major problem is with voice everytime you are talking over the phone the voice keeps cracking even after formatting nothing has changed. Also it lags in and hangs if i am chatting over some app. This is really a pathetic device.
Its brand new one day only, but heating heavily, don't buy this. message appears "moisture deducted, wait for battery and charger dry" & it is not charged. while contact customer they asked me to run balcano app & it is deduct previous logs.  luckley it deducts at 10th day and returned.  But customer care dot take serious about our problems, when i told first day itself they are not agreed to replace.  10 times i have called them and they want to divert us.  if the same phone does problem on 11th day then they wont replace.
Phone hangs a lot since starting..not good for long run not worth it...even thinking to sell now and have used it for just 11 months....internal memory is 32 gb however i dont know where does it takes all the cache and internal memory..though i have transferred all the data and apps to sd card...irritated with the phone
Getting so much s/w issues. Even a call log numbers displaying getting overlapping.  Some time touch got not responding that time I have to lock the device and doing the unlock then it will work proper. Need to improve more in s/w side. Phone getting slow while opening the call log. If I am called some person call screen will comes after 4 seconds.  Single word there is too much s/w issues.  Samsung team will concentrate more in s/w line.  UI is good . Battery is awesome. Camera is good.
Please don't buy this Samsung Galaxy m20. I read a whole lot of negative reviews and yet decided to go for it because of its 5000 mah battery and the reason that I was buying it for my father, thinking their was not much expectations on its performance because he uses it solely for calls and WhatsApp and no other ram consuming activities, but the still the phone started to hang and user interface feels clumsy to use. Theres something seriously wrong with this models performance. Please don't go for it.
Front camera is not good, battery full charge in 2.5hourse, face recognisation is not good, 3,32 mobile only 1gb ram is blank and 2gb ram is collected other internal apps by Samsung and pre installed app, rom is 21gb blank ,battery discharge in only 10 hours use, network range is also less,i didn't get handset with mobile phone  accessories as describe in description , it shows hanging poor camra quality in night and when mobile is sake thane clerity of mobile goes worse
Bought this phone 2 weeks back,SAMSUNG M20 has a inherent problem...when switched on, the display takes its own sweet time to come on....so the time lag to get display is very annoying . contacted the samsung service centre and waiting for rectification..
Battery is good. Camera pic quality is not so good n net running very slow as i have told already to coustmer srvce agent. I observed sa. Samsung galaxy m20 model is having problm for slow net runing while at same place, same network in other phone ,net runing good n fast. Email set up is not happing in this m20 unlike other sets. But i have lack of time so this time i will not return the product. But i will suggest to my near n dear to not purchase m20 samsung galaxy.  Thnx.
Do not purchase this phone. Disappointed by SAMSUNG.
Samsung Always Trusted Brand for Quality and Features. But Samsung M20 recent Launch Product is Absolutely Poor Software and Performance. Hanging Priblem, Pathetic for Attend Phone calls and Applications.Heating problems reduce Battery Life for not even single day usage which is Given 5000Mah.absoultely Poor Battery Back up.Software is  comparing  with Non Branding Products.Such a worst Software that disturb in Auto Changing applications, Hanging , Auto Typing and Auto Phone calls.
Very very Third class phone, Its my first experience with samsung phone, With excitement i purchase M20 samsung phone  after use i realized draw back of phone, 1. Display average, 2. Battery not gud as 5000 mah 3. every time hanged phone without loadin on RAM, 4. Tuch not working properly many time time or work automatically 5. selfy camera not gud 5. not fast charging work, take 4 to 5 years 6. actual price of this type phone is 4K to 5K, please du not buy samsung M serese, I have a very bad Experience
I thought Samsung came up with one UI with solved all the down side of their previous Touchwiz UI. But I was wrong... Now I just hate it.. 😠..battery performance  and backup is good... Still exynos  processor  is garbage.. Don't expect  any major  gaming at all. Display is Crisp although  it's not AMOLED but TFT panel.. Camera is somewhere average. I say put some. Extra bucks and get m30 s.... It's far more better Then this m20.
I bought this device on 5th February on Amazon sale because I am using SAMSUNG mobiles from last 7-8 years and they never disappointed me but this device after using 10-15 days giving a major problem I.e. automatically operating touch/display,  back button is not working. Even I am not able pull down the notification panel. And when I requested return or replace the device Amazon told me device will be picked up on 25 Feb. Today it's a 26th evening there is no response from Amazon team. Everyday I am approaching customer service executive they are just showing me the sympathy.
It's a good ph. But very offen it does not respond to the touch, screen freezes. And the software or option for setting is not so good. It goes down screens after screen. Battery charging is fast. And not enough number of font setting or message n call setting options. Like blocking the messages through phrase, or messages without nos.  For every other option we need to download other apps, which takes up resources. Also notification bar is not quite visible may be due to the icon design or font.
It has some sort of lag, when I press an app it takes 1-2 seconds to open that on broadband and on cellular network it's worse. Touch also is not of the standsrds it should be. Front camera Is teribdle. Length of phone is not appropriate, suitable only for playing games or watching videos. Still stuck with two finger touch to zoom in camera mode. Overall not a satisfactory performance. I have used 10 phones of another company and they were fabulous in the same budget. But this one is a raise of money.
My M 20 screen stopped working within 3 months. Samsung service centre told me that because of the scratch on polycarbonate body, my warranty is void. Samsung, a multi billion dollar company, is trying to justify there shoddy built quality in lower end phones by blaming the customer. Now they are asking 4500 for screen replacement... Plz let me add that there is not even a scratch on my screen. Please dont buy this poor quality phone and dont trust their profit sucking service centres.
I purchased Samsung Galaxy M20 last month from amazon. Just one month passed and we started noticing that battery discharges very fast as well as if we operate the mobile for 5mins, the mobile becomes extremely hot. I don't blame supplier/vendor it's completely amazons responsibility to provide at least a good mobile to customer. I had a big doubt on the products originality. The supplier /vendor of such products as well as amazon should stop delivering nonsense products to customers.
I was overall happy with the performance of the phone. But one major thing that is missing is gorilla screen protection in this phone. I put a gorilla tempered screen protector on it. It has fallen once by me & still screen is broken very badly having hundreds of cracks & amazingly my tempered cover has not even got a single crack. Very poor screen strength. This was my first Samsung phone & experience has become horrible. My last phone Mi note4 has fallen like this numerous times but stayed intact.
Buy if you want a SAMSUNG phone... For the price it's OK screen looks good, camera OK for the price... Performance is bad.. Even app multitasking has problems.. Hangs sometimes... I could have gone for redmi 7 if it was launched earlier...
very poor front camera. while taking selfie background is almost white. sometime you cant find other object in background.  My intex 2mp can take batter selfie than m20. Other good things is there in phone like display, big battery, nice looking etc. but cant ignore front camera problem. So we asked for replacement and after 2-3 day we receive replacement (New Phone). we found that Replacement device also has same problem so finally we decided to return it.
Ordered a Charcoal black. Received the package of a Charcoal black. Inside was a sleazy M20 hiding in Midnight blue.  Now, since I bought it for Dad and he didn’t exactly care, didn’t bother returning. If it were me, who’s usually particular about colours, there’d be a bad review.
Phone is good great display and battery  life except within few weeks started getting issue of frequent screen freeze and ghost touch. Now need to visit service center now. I have two other Samsung phones in same price range using since 4 and 2 years respectively never seen any issue so am bit disappointed.
After 10 or more years,  I found good mobile product from Samsung,and best price also.....but aft.1 month of usage I really disappointed  that ph.using almost 2.5 GB of ram and hang several time ,so I deleted my most apps than also it's used 2.6-2.7 GB and struc so many time ,pl.if u have more usable apps than dont but this phone....other than every thing superb durable, & in budget mobile....thanks
Speaker's are not good. Works in a sinusoidal pattern while talking to someone. Screen light is also working abnormally.
 As I got product delivered on 29th as I was busy in my office work as today on 05 the date the package I opened my new mobile but I found the screen is in broken condition, so as soon as resolve my issue or replace my mobile.
Dear Amazon   I m ashish  buy Samsung Galaxy M20 mo. on 13th June but this is not  showing his feature what showing in Amazon site specially camera. pics quality are not good what I m sean in Amazon site.  I just call customer care but he not able to return this  phone.   Please I just want to replace this phone as soon as possible .and I want other company's phone   Please return or replace this mobile phone with other company's mobile Thanking you
I'm not satisfied with this phone...I'm using this phone since last year Aug 2018 and i found many faults...except battry backup nothing is good...hanging problem face sensor not work processor is too bad doesn't supprt any game like pubg..with this price you have an other best options but not this....And this is my last phone in Samsung which I'm using..aftr tht i don't wanna buy any samsung product....
Face recognition is slow, image stabilization is worst when compared for other brands in the cost range.  Low light pics are not good at all. Upset with Selfe Canara. Not that much impressed with the battary stand by as well BCS as per the Samsung promiss. Except these, other things are good.
I am writing these review after using of 20 days Battery back is good, Camera quality is not up to the mark and it will take 5 seconds to open, and if you charging also getting heat the mobile, even if i am setting in AC room  also mobile is heating problem, and while using the internet or watching any videos in YouTube mobile will get heat with in a minute. My suggestion is think and purchase the mobile. J6 mobile is better than this mobile as per my experience.Thank you.
Don't buy this product. Phone touch freezes for atleast 15 times a day. I need to wait for 30secs for it to work again. Sometimes because of this I won't be able to attend the call or click fast image and so ... Camera Unusable, it's worse than previous Samsung mobile cameras at this price range. No detail in image quality, believe me I tried comparing side-by-side with Samsung j7 2016 model. Finger print sensor dosent work atleast 40% of my attempts.
Camere is is not up to 16MP standars. Battery heating up while charging and while playing videos. Touch is not working if screen glass used( after setting the touch sensitivity). No return/refund accepting by customer care but they providing replacement which is not usefull as devise is not up to standards.
Waste of money. Humble request not to but. Too much lags like a j7 mobile . Already i am customer of samsung j7. Which I thought of throwing away the same problems arrises here at the time gaming and mobile internet turNed on. Mobile gets heated much and battery drains much like a water filled in damaged vessel... I bought the m20 mainly for the 4gb ram but it's first space the system itself used around 2.6gb ram space and the usable ram space is only 1.3 like a nor mal basic android mobile then what is the use of buyiNg this m20. Ate you trying to cheat your customers. Again launched m30 what is the use of cheating on m20 and launched m30
This is the worst phone i had ever used in this price range and especially from samsung. My phone has started hanging from the second month of purchase.  Apps are opening automatically with out any touch command. Finally ends up in a restart or factory reset.  If u use a browser for 1 hr,  it will start behaving like a ghost.  Finger print senaor is a waste feature.  It will not work😪 Literally,  i lost my hard earned 10k🤕 i will never buy a samsung phone again.. never ever recomnend too.
Actually it not a good phone.  Battery said is 5000 MAH while performance is lower than normal J7 model. Screen sensitivity is also a problem in this model and phone is damn heavy. Samsung installs its own app taking away space zo space is also a constraint in Samsung phones. Phone started hanging, you get a call but nothing to pick up on screen
Worst model of Samsung. Some phones are coming with inbuilt touch screen issues. Refund not possible. Worst customer service by Amazon. Tough replacement options are there but it's only for 10 days. Service centers are providing worst service, they don't know how to repair this perticular handset. Hanging problems will apear in few days. Overheating is a day to day issue. Wide angle camera doesn't meet expectations. Battery backup is good.
Its very bad mobile... Battery only written 5000 but its too much bad...my another mobile realme u1 has 3500 battery but it is better than this m20.. Morever it also lacks many features in comparison of other mobile at this price range..too much disappointed
I bought this M20 seven days back and it started malfunctioning where I cannot hear the other person's voice though they can hear me. I thought it might be a network or SIM issue. I tried different device with same SIM and same network area and it worked fine. This was happening repeatedly and on top of it the sound during the call drops to literally inaudible state. I need a replacement immediately!
Battery life is good. For marketing strategy Samsung do this product. But commercial wise it is too bad. It is not Volte. Camera Quality is average. When compared to this, the buyers go to MI 7S or 7 PRO for this budget. SAMSUNG FOOLISH TO INDIAN CUSTOMERS, The only good thing is Battery Life is Good.
M20 may be the worst product of samsung. Mobile touch and censor are very bad. Whereas other brands giving more options and quality in this price. In Particularly my instrument, 1. Mobile got struck 4 to 5 times everyday. 2. Many times it showing sim not allowed and network dropped. 3. Applications operating automatically. This mobile is having manufacturing defect. Please take back and replace it with another instrument of the mobile. Thanking you
Cons : The display screen is very deligate. The screen got cracks in 6 months of usage( Used rough bcoz I used Nokia 6 before ) . Pros : Full screen display is a brilliant design. The battery withstands for a days usage ( I dont use any gaming apps). The back end camera quality is good ( dual lens) and the front camera is pretty descent( selfies are automatically  done with the tinkering work). The metallic blue color is eye catching .
I m not satisfied with this product and I m not expect these kind of product quality from Samsung... I odered this phone on 14 Feb 2019 and receive the same on 18 Feb 2019 and facing on the first day and the issues are... 1. Sim slot not perfect the sim not fit properly on sim slot.... 2. Network issue...... all the time the call disconnected..... 3. Touch not working properly sometime it is so fast sometimes hang....  So I m not recommend any one to buy this...
Pros Good screen at this price Overall build is impressive Finger print reader really impressive Impressive battery backup aprox1.5 day after full charge Pros Processor could be better' at this price Slow after using 4 months Camera below avserage It takes bit long time to full charge
Stops working after 7-8 months , i have been using it for a year now first 6 months it worked smoothly but afterwards it started lagging,  major apps are not performing like Netflix Amazon and other streaming.  Battery life is the only best thing in it.  Phone is performing very poorly for last 4-5 months, i tried resetting and all but still facing the same issues, IDk if my device is faulty or all are the same. Beware
Everything else is great and perfect, but the phone does a horrible job with getting signal.  I loved the camera, performance, screen, battery span, but signal reception is so bad, my initial opinion of a 6-star(for budget phone) came down to 2-star.  I'm now using hotspot for others from many places to get internet
Worst Samsung phone manufactured till date. After 4 days of usage the cell started to hang a lot and it's sometimes even malfunctions. I am very much disappointed. Never buy this phone guys believe me.
I bought this phone for my father 4 days ago and here are my views objectively: 1. Phone is somewhat heavier. 2. It's touchscreen doesn't work well. You have to tap it multiple times to make it go. 3. It hangs as well. 4. The phone charger is too short in length...weirdly short.  Rest..I need time to use and then I shall update my review accordingly. On the whole, being a regular and diehard Samsung customer and user- I am honestly disappointed this time.
This is the First time for me to give review:  Very very worst product ... Not at all worth for money... There is no return at all only Replace....  Pls don't purchase this one...
Phone is laggy and gets hanged at some occasions. Even though interface has been improved but not improved enough to be smooth. Better options in lesser price Are available in Asusu, Xiaomi and other brands.  Phone just stops responding when you are getting call or when using chrome browser. Its so irritating at times that you feel like hitting it against wall. I am really frustrated while using this phone.  I have a asus max m1 pro, its much better than this phone and 4K cheaper. The down side of m1 max pro is its camera. Its very poor and also some of the basic functions like Android Auto doesn’t work.
Actually this phone is well but little  bit problem  in hanging sometimes and phone cameras  are well specially back camera is very good but problem in other side. when clicking for photo sometimes the screen bottoms r not properly working that's why i were click on volume key. Volume in speaker is not good enough as usual . SUGGESTION ,If fingerprints sensor use as a photo click bottom it will be better. Please think about it and I hope this problem solve  in next upgrade software.
If you ask me real feedback for 4gb-64gb...its worst phone ever with such config... I thought I would have upgraded with Samsung but my couple of years old MI4 is far far better in performance even today... This phone really sucks..hangs..etc..etc..
I discharged the battery to 0% and then i charged the battery to 100% and let it in switched off condition till morning and in morning when i switch it on then the battery percentage was 40 even the i had not insert sim card and didn't installed any app after that the battery is not giving good backup i thik they delivered a refurbished mobile phone i am not at all impressed by amazon and may be not gonna use it again because they are not helping me and not returning or exchanging the product. Worst experience....
Cons : 1. I have brought  this by seeing  5000 mAh battery. Worst battery I have seen. I have replaced  with the Mi Note 5 pro which has 4000 mAh battery but very impressive.  2. 2.Without  any usage it mobile heating is there another  problem with  the  M20.  Pros: 1. Mobile display, touch quality looks, camera are very good .....Samsung quality  is  good  here.  Lastly if u are heavy user don't buy this at all.
The product is just fine for people with tight budget nothing impressive, have issues with fingerprint reader, gets hung in between of whatever I do, final result a petty phone in my eyes will try to change it as soon as possible, however @Samsung never fails in one customer expectations and that is  A crappy phone will always stay crappy in low budgets a new motto of Samsung should make their new vision with this statement
Worst phone I ever  purchased in my life. Battery draining super fast, overheating, interface hanging, speaker problem. Amazon  refused to return or refund by harassing through blannco app even they have the return  policy. Phone is very  bad and Amazon is very very bad. Please  don't  purchase this phone. Don't purchase  any  phone in Amazon  because  practically  there's  no return  or replacement. Amazon also not giving 0 star rating  option and forced us to give 1 star rating.
Samsung meant quality.. I had bought this phone a month back but the screen went dead within 15 days. The mobile has no external damage. But Samsung service engineers are saying that it is internal damage and the repairs cannot be covered under warranty. Are asking me to pay Rs.4000 for screen replacement. How come I am responsible for internal damage. What if the piece itself had been defective? How am I supposed to verify that..Request Amazon to look into the same..Will request buyers to stay away from the phone..
Already used S7 Using S8  Now i have trusted and bought this as a standby phone Bought is on the first day of sale  Used and for almost a  month  The touch screen is not working properly since 15 days its so irritating Automatically its starts sensing the touch and all the anything gets open all of a sudden  Hate this phone
(1) design was very ugly fully made out of cheap pollycarbonate easily scratch, mobile was very thick and heavy.even box quality is cheap. (3) display was vibrant and bright no complain. (2) Camera quality was under average clarity was missing not up to the mark. (3) battery backup was good you will not disappoint and full charge in 2h15min (4) Gaming was very bad in this phone heats up very quickly not able to play games like pubg even on low graphics frame dorps.
Fingerprint reader doesn't work even when there is little bit of moisture like sweat on scanner.And sweating is inevitably in countries like India even in the winters.Camera is good and performance is ok. After about 8 months of using this phone i am writing this.The touchscreen hangs when you watch videos in youtube or netflix in fullscreen. Then you have to lock the phone and unlock it again for the touchscreen  to start responding.Really disappointed with this
1)Vibration Motor is disabled. 2)Front camera performance is worst.Images  are soft and no details at all 3)Back camera has lot of bugs. a)No EIS b) Pictures are coming soft. c)Hdr is not working properly d)Night sight is not present. 4) TFT Display quality is not good 5)15W fast charger is taking  more time to. Charge the Device from 0-100%. 6) Portrait shots for both front and back cameras are coming worst.
Compare to price best device, specially from Samsung brand.no one can beat this brand quality & after sale support (service) excellent user interface One UI. But some issues r is available,Please Samsung fix it soon, battery, camara & network issues, this issue 100% resolve samsung from ota update
I bought this phone after reading so many positive reviews but i am highly disappointed!! The phone calls get disconnected every few minutes ...the voice breaks ...very irritating to spk to someone using this phone...i want to replace the phone how do i do it
I bought this product 3 days ago & it is totally a wastage of money. No return from amazon 1. Battery life worst 2. Video cannot strech to the notch 3. Touch didn't work sometimes 4. The processor is too bad & slow sometimes it hangs 5. You can't even play PUBG on low settings 6. Gamers please ignore this 7. Worst samsung product
There are forced ads in the mobile the moment u on the screen. Sometimes the phone also hangs a bit and sometimes the keys don't work at all forcing a user to restart the phone..  Samsung it's important either you cut down the cost substantialy or improve the features of your phone.
This is the worst product I have seen. Speed is very slow. I have spoken with Amazon technician, he asked me to go for factory reset and do not download basic m app like WhatsApp, bookmy show, etc..
This phone has excellent battery life Camera is not good Processor is very poor And the worst thing is that, i have  used it only  10 days and it start hangs while it has 4GB /64 so plz don't busy this product I only used Samsung phones but this product ,but this product break my trust ever ..
Everything is average in this mobile and doesn't fulfill any specifications with 100%accuracy. The mobile gets over heated and application lags and fast charging doesn't work fast.  it's just 20 days before I bought this phone.. Not a good choice if you are a rough user of phone.  this mob is suitable only for old people who can use to make calls and if you tend to use more then u feel like holding a hot pan in your hand..
Don't buy it. Battery don't last long for a 5k mah. It won't connect to all WiFi connections (never seen such a thing even in low grade phones). Strange that it displays only 4 WiFi available when other phones detect more than 10 WiFi s. Display too bright even if set on minimum. Performance poor. Front cam notch is annoying. Fing print sensor placed too high. )
 This phone is not at all same to samsung other phones it will work perfect for 2-3 months but after that it will show serious issues i gifted it to my dad and he kept his phone very carefully i use i phone and samsung can never match the standard of apple i have no trust in this company anymore i will suggest to buy phone of vivo or mi this is total waste of money
I think, samsung have given one of the pathetic product(m20). They have comprised too much on quality just to save money. Very dispointed with this product. To compete with redmi, vivo, oppo and realme samsung may have launched m series but on the front of hardware and quality they have cheated the customer. I would suggest please do not go for M20. You may get better product on same price range. If anyone is interested to buy M20 they can go ahead on their own risk.
This is worst mobile phone made by Samsung first time Its touch not work properly which is most important thing Display auto brightness is also not work frequently First time wrong item purchase on Amazon
All is good but i found two issues after using aprox 2 month . 1. Face unlock not working as stander. 2. Sound of speakers is low as compare to other phone but base of sound is good. After 5 minth of use Phone starte banding issue and when go in service center they it is not cover in warranty. So strongly i say dont bye this product.
I have returned the phone in 4 days . On first day i found a little bit of lagging while playing pubg . On second day i checked its stats on cpu-z . wrong processor information . On third day  screen started flickering . On fourth day display fully blank .phone dead . Battery backup is good and charges fast . Sound quality not so good . If you are a heavy user dont buy it .
Battery life is good. Camera is decent, could be better. The biggest problem is with the touch screen, the full screen display has made it very difficult. If you are holding the phone while sleeping it will touch anywhere and the phone just misbehaves until you sit upright. This is very frustrating and honestly shows that Samsung hasn't put much effort is optimising this touch glitch. Don't buy this phone.
Not speedy fingerprint is slow camera is ok ok..battery is good...charging is fast , display is ok, but slow motion and timelapse options not there in camera .memory management is too worst... don't go for it , if u really want Samsung go for a50 or a70...don't buy it's a serious warning
Worst phone i ever bought on amazon, worst built quality, looks cool but very bad built quality, after a use of a week, because of fallen from a hand on ground tuffened glass not broked but entire display cracked, 50₹ tuffened glass is more strong than this phone's display.
I have bought samsung m20 two months back. Phone charging time is too late. Its getting charge 9% to 19% for one hours. It will take full charging around 7 to 8 hours. Escalated to customer support
Very bad performance by the phone. Not recommended.  My money went at loss. I could get very good phone from other brands with the same price. Its about to be a month and I am started facing software issue with this phone. The camera is bad, sound is very low. And more over you can't return the phone. Only replace is available.  That really not accepted
I got this phone on 17th of this month. It took more than twelve  hours  for complete  charge ! I am first time using smart  phone, so I've no idea of duration  charging.  Later  on realized through my colleague that it should take just 2 hrs for complete  charging . I feel ditched . Can any body there to listen.  COME ON AMAZON.
First of all if u are looking for a gaming smartphone, this one is absolutely not good. After 5 month of usage, I'm going to sell this due to FULL HANGING.  While playing pubg or non playing anything, this m20 will be lag. I dont know why. Daily minimum 6 times it will be hang. So don't buy it..If u are lokking for normal use,this one is perfect. I LOVE THE BATTERY CAPACITY...Its awesome..Camera also great. Only fault is Processor. Always hang.
1st. FINGERPRINT sensor is best but secondary fingerprint record is not that effective as primary one. 2nd. Camera good in medium light but it you look for low light camera it's not a choice to go with. 3rd. Battery life is not as much when compared to mAh it has still manageable to burn a full day. 4th. Phone may arise with issue for touch and blackout sometime not everytime but exceptions are always there.
1.Durability of screen is weakest, a normal half feet drop cracked its screen. 2.finger print sensor is quick to respond but the out covering have very thin layer of coating and eventually it got removed causing failure in finger print security. 3.It lacks so much , some times its very frustrating.  1.Long battery life. 2.better camera in this price range. 3.Two LTE sim slots. 4. Looked very premium in hand.
Fail sections- Camera, no Dolby Atmos, Processor sucks battery fast 5000=3500 same, Sound is very low on speaker. Display picture quality Awesome. Camera quality is poor even my moto g2 8MP camera is good in room low light. Camera software update urgently needed. Actually I think trusted company gives original 8mp & 13mp. I think i had to buy U1 in this price range.
I am really annoyed to purchase this phone. Hardly a month has passed and the phone has started giving problem of battery. It is getting full charged and thereafter losing all charge in just 3-4hours without using internet also. I won't recommend this phone to anyone.
I bought it Feb2019, my experience with this phone is average.  After 1 yr of usage I am writing this review  Pros 1.Camera quality is ok, it comes with live focus mode. 2. When it comes to battery, I use to watch youtube continuesly and I ll use chatting , for me it is coming 10hrs hrs. If I don't watch too much then it will come for one day.  3. Its sleek design is superb.  4. It comes with inbuilt anti virus powered by Mc cafe.  Cons  1. Finger print should have come in front side. Every time it is difficult to find out location of finger print sensor. 2. Touch is slow, sometimes it is stucking
Hi, Extremely poor responce from team Amazon fir the first time. No replacements nor any RETURN, directs the option for some App to cross check issue if your fone which in turn doesnt work. One cant talk of the signal is 50% in bar, while MI Phones work even when the signal is 20%-25%. The guy on the other side cant listen even ur sound if the signal is nit 100%. One friend facing the same issue.
In description ,It claims about 15 W fast power charger,but actually it is not
Worst product.. wasted my money !! 4gb ram and the phone lags even when the storage is 10% used and no gaming.. phone lags in every aspect and screen freezes for few seconds. Touch irresponsive ! Have comained to samsung and all they say is to format .. after which the same problem still continues. I would prefer a MI phones anytime than this crappy phone from samsung
I purchase this mobile (Samsung Galaxy M20) 3 months back, now display got damaged. We didn't do any mishandling, suddenly display got the problem. The service centre in guwahati said that this is our fault and it won't come under warranty. Within 3 months of purchase, I am forced to pay around 5000 rupees to change the display.  Previously Also I had samsung galaxy and its performance was not good. All my experience with Samsung is worst.
Boot Loop, No Turning On, Just Vibrates, Keeps Restarting, no power on samsung galaxy m20 PHONE SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE ISSUES ARE THERE, THEY ACCEPT THEIR FAULT BUT NOT READY TO DO ANYTHING FOR IT. LOST MY IMPORTANT DATA, WASTED MY TIME AS WELL AS MONEY ON THIS WASTE PHONE AND USELESS BRAND ASSURED COMPANY. I have used other samsung phones too they too do this on and off by own. WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM SAMSUNG.
Phone looks premium from the front but cheap from the back because it's just plastic .but camera is awesome .front camera is so.so.build quality is Mediocre. If ubget a back cover then it looks good .over all good for the price but on the first day the phone started lagging.touch sensor are mediocre as well.screen is not as bright as it should be.
The phone is overall good value for money. The position of the fingerprint reader in the back is prone to scratches. So be careful how you maintain it. I love that it lasts me a whole day and solid for 6 to 7 episodes. The glance screen by Samsung is also a useful feature that puts quality images on the phone lockscreen making it look beautiful especially with such a large and filling screen. It's a very decent buy for temporary usage if you do not use camera for any quality shoots. The sound is also good with the speakers on the bottom. You'll enjoy it
Standing tall to their name, Samsung again proves their mettle in producing shit phone like this.  Display gone within a couple of month. The perennial problem of hanging is there, phone lags as always the case with the brand. Had known of these issues before buying but shown some faith and bought the phone. Now regretting the decision. Would not recommend anyone to buy any mid range phones of Samsung. Go for some other brand but Samsung.
Battery backup sucks. Does not even last whole 24 hours with mild internet usage and 2-3 hours of call time. Worst that my previous phone, honor 7 that had 4000 mAh battery.  Body is not metal and feels like cheap plastic ...cover is must...  Wish there was an option to return
The Charging pin of this handset is different from previous models of Samsung as a result only cable supplied with the handset can be used for charging. Want to know any adopters or converters are available which can fixed with the handset charging point and all the data cable can be made compatible.
I am very very disappointed and i regret i choose Samsung for the 1st time. Till 1st week the display was working fine ,later i got problem with touch not working ,screen freezing . I even went to Samsung service care at jayanagar named Samsung care point , they told tht "display is out of stock and when it will get back they gonna call back" but i never received call and even today i am facing pblm. Please if possible help me fix this.
The Battery life is very Poor. Not sustain more than 6 hr... showing display of battery 80% charged only even keep the mobile charged for whole night..On 21/09/2019 suddenly display of the mobile black out..Whereas it is ringing while someone gives call  but could not receive the call.. I want to return the handset..It very unfortunate that Amazon sells such type of defective handset to customer.. plz arrange from your end to collect the handset..
Face recognition has bug that it unlocks with photo of face .we tested this face recognition application .. it unlock when you close your eyes . Waste product don't buy it , called customer care they told useless solution that doesn't work .thanks for Samsung ..good bye... Don't buy this product..
It got delivered to me just now..and while booting it up.. i figured that microsd card which s samsung brand itself is not fitting into the sim tray. I struggled and finally gave up.  I hv been using samsung for more then 10 years, this for the first time it has happened that a basic thing like microsd could bot fit in. This shows the level of quality commitment offered  by samsung. Have no choice but to return it
The phone I purchased start using after 10 days it become switch off by itself and I asked about replace then amazon told that it was already ten days over u contact Samsung people ten I called up Samsung customer care then they directed me to Samsung service and they told me that its software problem and update thrice still iam facing same problem then what should u I do now
Only in month hanging problem in this phone. Camera quality is very bad. While watching movie its heating so much. Further main issue with amazon not giving good services to customer, product seem like local and useless. No value for money by purchasing products from amazon. Amazon usually put their website issues on customer that customer have done mistake while order. They always made customer fool that y customer don't know how to order. I request you to not buy product
very poor quality of camera, abnormally heating, you can make omlet from a egg easily by this phone...and after one week use it start hanging...very very bad phone in this budget...finger print read not properly, face unlock is not working good..and camera quality is very poor.. network strength is bad than other phone in the same place, this phone is good for nothing without display and battery performance. don't waste money for it, don't buy this phone..
Device that I received performance  is not good in terms of receiving signals and data speed and strucking while using it. I need to restart every time when it is happening and suddenly stop receiving data when I am using mobile data and showing it is not registered ... if I restart again it will work for some time... facing problem with the device I received...
Packaging is bad..and guys please don’t buy this phone if u are a pubG player..camera quality is very low. Other mid range phone is far batter than this phone .and the brand name of this phone is sucks ..On 28th jan they are saying this phone is this and this phone is that all are fakeee..I am a gamer and I don’t like this phone at all.
At this range this is a good product, but proximity sensor does not work most of time, front camera is not as of high quality, under lights it seems to be 2mp camera, little bugs and hang some time while playing pub G or smack down 2k18, yes fast charging but drain too fast 5000 mAH battery should stay longer.
The phone I received and gifted to my mother on same day. Later I came to know that sim slot was faulty, and it appears that signal strength is also w.r.t. my Redmi phone. As the phone was not with me otherwise I would have returned it .
Not at all happy with the phone. I think amazon sells refurbished item as fresh one. 1.Voice quality ver bad 2. Network issue. My old moto phone was getting better network same place. 3. Battery also gets discharged very quickly. I m not sure if all samsung phone has same issue but i baught this from amazon and facing this issue.looks like defective piece.
The mobile is good by design and performance The display is nice with water drop v notch but camera is little disappointing front camera is not upto the mark Ya u can bye this phone for its design and display and for the brand name Samsung nothing else special abt it, note that many other brands too provide this design and display
My Samsung Galaxy M20 phone ,which was booked on 14th Feb'19 & delivered on 16th February, 2019. Since last two days (from 27th Feb'19) the phone is getting hanged frequently. This is very very unfortunate . Now I want to replace the phone with new good one, which I can use smoothly.
The phone built quality is very good and it feel like a premium phone. But Camera picture quality is okay okay. We can expect from more than this Samsung need to consider this bcoz Samsung already set standard by other models then y this is done with M20. If the reason is just to keep the price low, then I'll say Other options are available in market within the same price. Rest all are good.
One of the worst phone. I was not expecting such a bad quality from Samsung. Main issue is the speaker, it is very noisy.  While talking or playing songs, there is vibration in the phone due to noisy speakers.  I called Amazon for phone inspection. Twice they scheduled that a technician will come to inspect the phone. Both the times no one came to my home to inspect it. They closed the issue at their end only.
I have purchased M20 64 GB phone in April-19 and after using 2months it has collapsed and i visited Samsung customer care adarsh nagar, delhi they replaced its speaker and charging point and said it will work fine and even after a week it again switched off and now they again repaired it and said now we have changed its display, now you think twice or thrice before buying M20 phone , totally a bad experience , even M series of Samsung not good at all.
Even i am facing this issue.. I have already live in rural area but this phone is network connectivity so poor and many more relative;s smartphones well working in rural area . But problem still remain unresolved.. I am now looking to sell out this device because no other option is left ...I would advice you also to find ways to sell out this product.. Worst service by samsung.... I would never recommend samsung to any of my friends and relatives.
Got phone on 3rd sale.The phone had a physical damage.returned and got a refund as there was no stock.so no comments on other features,but 5 GHz wifi is not supported.giving 1 star as I did not use is to give any feature review
Hang Problem is a still issue for Samsung , and Price Drop within weeks also a still issue for Samsung . By emotional Tv ads Samsung knows very well how to make customers " c" and fool .
The Worst phone one can ever get.. It gets hanging frequently... Connection of call getting worse... Internet connection getting worse.... I have never used such useless phone ever... It's packaging and mobile box was also not as good as compare to a Chinese smartphone of 3000 rupees
I purchased  the phone 21 Feb 2020 but this phone have following problems- 1.hang problem 2.In specification show it work at 4g but it not work at 4g 3.very slow 4.Rear camera is poor 5.Phone have heating problem 6.Amazone site not have good response  and solution when I face these problems Please  no one purchase  any electronic  item from Amazone otherwise you will feel good like me .They provide faulty items.
I hate samsung technical support as the solution they provided to unlock the SIM if i use a SIM of another country other than  India is to call for 10 mins from the Indian SIM on international roaming.  Whoo on earth will pay international roaming charges.  They need to provide a technical solution.
overall Samsung M20 is good .....rather ill rate it average ...if you are looking for battery life its not an option as the battery drains very fast with mobile data and the heavy applications like Games etc... sound and camera with samsung delivered is as expected ....overall ill rate it 3-star phone two stars deducted for battery life .....Seller rocks as the product were delivered on time.
Look wise it's good but over all performance wise rating is rating 3 only. Its finger print sensor detects very slow, battery backup is not upto the mark, discharges very fast, more over the packing from Amazon is very very very poooooor as it has come in mobile box & further Amazon has put his cover and forwarded without any additional protection, now slowly heating problem started. So choose wisely.
Camara is too bad, it's not even 5mp. I am a samsung fan for the last 10 years, but first time wanted to return my device , samsung do not degrade your brand by following your compitatiors. I had galaxy j8 which is still working good for the last 1.5 years, but m20 64 gb is the first worst model in galaxy series.. Do not go for this .
Writting this review after using 6 days. Cons: 1. Over heating during normal use, even not installed any game or heavy applications. 2. Often screen getting minimised, while using applications. 3. Front camera average 4. Slowness while switching or opening application   Pros: 1. Battery and charging good 2. Screen display good 3. Sound quality ok.  Couldn't. Afford 13k only for battery, screen display and sound.
I have bought it from Amazon, amonth ago  and this products is very pathetic in the Amazon online , now i am facing the problem with this phone , it get shut down suddenly on working . I have visited samsung customer service center 3 times , they are not co-operative , still this problem facing. I am very tired to Samsung service , its disgusting. My phone is in service center:0001794339Global Services  , bill no. 4291084203, now i am giving the review from someone's phone .  I want my phone exchange. Thats it.
This is a terrible phone which disappoints big time on the basic feature performance.  Fingerprint reader doesn't work smoothly (often have to use password). Touchscreen isn't responsive.  It appears as if Samsung tried to do a low cast imitation of Xiaomi, but has failed miserably.  The camera and durability of the phone is average.  Regret purchasing this, will opt for Redmi soon
Overall phone is ok but battery performance not as expected. Should have been more considering the specs of 5000 mAh and that too after less to medium usage. Also, many junk apps are there with no options to uninstall. Does not meet the expectattions.
Description of mobile is very interesting to read...but the performance is equivalent to local company handsets...camera quality is like 2mp.. Preloaded apps occupied 12GB space..when 3 GB data restored the set started hanging...problems in unlocking by face and fingers...retried registration of face and finger data  still had facing problems....
A. Hangs a lot from very first day. B. Camera quality is below average. C. Display is ok D. Battery is ok but charging is not fast E. Cannot handle multi tasking F. Missing notification light will make you feel irritated.
The product is defective . Plz do not buy this product . And the service which you get from samsung is totally 3rd grade, worst  , samsung being a rcoganised company is ridiculous in taking care of their customers and the service centers are fake . It canged my view towards samsung . Plz dont buy such company's product . I'm suffering a bad , actually a worst experience buying this mobile thorught thier service . Plz dont buy this product .
Samsung  disappointing  me . Cons Camera quality very bad. hanging , lagging  and slow user interface. Battery only 1 day  of usage (5000map) Signal reception weak No private mode Vibration weak Screen quality poor and also no protection Use dual 4g  battery drain fast
Very low quality camara. I tried to return my phone. But no return is available. I sold it in mobile shop and for 10500. And I brought nokia 6.1 plus. No support from Amazon for return. Don't buy it. Not worth at all
I am not happy with  Samsung Galaxy M20 (Charcoal Black, 4+64GB). it's heat up with in 10 min if you are taking or watching you tube video.  After amazon tester came then he said please don't on internet more or it has metallic body that why it's heat up. i can not replace it till it's heat up till 50 temp.  my suggestion don't buy this phone and don't by any phone from amazon because they gives excuses which is not acceptable...
it's not working properly. The phone is hanging to much, we need to switch it off it in every 5-10 minutes. this is the condition of the phone with minimum usage, think about the time when it will be used for hours. I have already taken the phone twice to Samsung care in its first month only.
This is the worst phone i had ever purchased. Do Not buy this product (samsung m20) as it is a wastage of money. problems start arising within the three months of purchase. Overall quality of this phone is very poor, finger print sensor is slow in response, touch screen got damged within month, issue of battery charging and heating begins to pop up beside other issues. My advice to all potential buyers is no to go for this phone
Bought it for my mom! There is a issue with the touch screen of this phone. Updates helped a lot for the touch fix. But still i would cut some points for the touch! (May be a issue only with my device but the touch seems a bit late in response sometimes!)  Battery: As expected! Excellent!  Fingerprint: Sensor works fine! But we can add only 3 fingerprints!
Fingerprint reader is good one we can easily access to the phone. Rear camera quality is excellent, Samsung can also improve the quality of selfie camera Battery life not completely good phone is not behaving like 5000 mah battery phone. Overall 50-50 rating for the complete phone
Never saw such a bad phone, stopped working after few days use. Service centre replaced mother board and lost lot of data. Never buy Samsung cheap phones as their reliability is zero
frnds plz believe me its the waste phone in the world. the phone which i ordered is being switching off very frequently now i cant even replace it back .when i showed this piece to the showroom they are also telling that its manufacture defect. here its nt the mistake of amazon nor seller its problem of manufacturing so disgusting never expected this from samsung ............!!!!!
Lags a lot to open apps, camera is very bad, charging seems like it takes forever to just charge 10%, not in the list phones that can be exchanged on Amazon, fingerprint reader is also very slow, face unlock is for just to mention in feature list not usable again for same reason very slow.
Dear Team ,  The phone is only Good to see However Its always getting Hanged while operations. Its Big Issue. U need to wait for next 5 minutes before it gets start again
Horrible product it worked well for 1 month now it is not working at all. Such a waste of money on this. Once the most trusted brand Samsung has continuously lead down the expectations of the customers. Will never buy any Samsung product in life and will not recommende to buy.
this is the worst product ever i have used . i use a Iphone 5s before buying this phone . and i feel 4 years old iphone is far better than this mobile . pros : screen look gaming experience (only tested for few mins but it was okay ) cons: touch is horrible doesnt respond properly . camera is absolute bullshit Iphone 5s provide better images than this mobile . suddenly freezes for some time .
Since I have used this phone from last 10 days then got hanging & performance slow issue. I raised this concern to Amazon they told reset the phone but problem still exist then told to install blancco diagnostic app. After running this app they told me phone is ok from Amazon side but problem still exist. Sorry to told you Amazon you will not survive India as you have so much attitude and you are not understand customer concern.
Battery good Display performance good Resulvtion video poor Weight  heavy Lot off options missing like double tap Face detention fingerprint better Camera self good Front camera bad Material not good getting scratched back side Performance slow I think it's disappoint please clear this r point  After 15 day mobile getting slow And hanging  Don't buy This product
After I opened the box, I found that just above the charging port there is a defect on the border of the display like a cavity and also there was some dust in between the display and it's border. For a new product like this, I didn't expected this kind of quality and I don't know what the company is doing in the name of QUALITY ASSURANCE. I got the product on 3rd March, but still the replacement process hasn't started yet. This is completely not acceptable.
I'm giving my review after the usage of m20 for a couple of months, were I found the fingerprint response is slow, charging time is little longer, and the camera quality is Ok not too bad nor too good, overall it's a good phone in this price range. We can't expect more or compare this phone with high end models, for those who need every option with a small budget, can definitely go for it without any hesitation.
This phone has severe hitting issue,It hits up while you are talking on phone with your internet connection running.Playing even a low graphics game like 8 ball pool also hits up the phone to such an extend as if you have played pubg for more than a hour.If you guys are looking to buy a back up phone only  for calling and no other stuff, this is good phone but please dont preffer this phone for camera, and battery both are pathetic.
1. Battery is life is very very poor. Wihtout internet normall  usage itself bettery is Drain very very fast. 2. Auto brightness is not working properly. 3. Charging USB cable length is very small. If you are buying this mobile you have buy separate length cable. 4. No headphones. This is not worth product. Amazon took least bother when we raised the complaint. Very unhappy shopping experience with Amazon.
I think Software issues is there, often mobile hanging, mobile data not supported often in LTE, Totally useless phone , don't buy and don't waste your money in this mobile, amazon nothing supporting about this issue,
In this phone some network related serious issue. I tried different cellular network (Vodafone, airtel, jio and idea) but in all networks call dropping and if you talk more than 2-3 min then trouble in hearing from receiver end. Seems like worst item buy.. raised for return also but according to Amazon policy we can't return the product.  Highly disappointed.. if possible need help
I have received this mobile on 13feb2019. I used for 5 days after installing required apps it getting restarted. Worst mobile do not buy this mobile unable to install any apps if we install after few seconds mobile is restarting every 5 seconds i have shown this in authorized samsung mobile service centre they formatted it and updated software even no use of it still restarting. With this we can trust that we should not buy mobiles from amazon and online
Totally waste of money.... Oppo, honor, and many more companies gives much more in this price segment.  1 camera quality is too bad( front or rear both) 2 Display is also bad.... TFT in 2019 haha 3. Touch response is not good 4.finger print sensor is also slow 5.face unlock feature is average 6.gives look soo cheap
(Samsung M-30 and M-20) 1-WORST CAMRA QUALITY--   Pics quality are really bed   Samsung camra quality was old days story   Really its my worst experience on samsung  2-NETWORK CATCHING ISSUE-   its a month and i cannot use both of my sim due   to Samsung weak Network catching problum 3-SLIGHT HANGING-   as of always problum.
 After using it for a month it start hanging too frequently. See the video its start behaving weird plz chk the video Camera quality is not up to the mark. Previously i was using J5-2016 and it has far more better camera quality and it hanged occasionally only. Waste of money, never expect such product from samsung.  Too disappointed.
Good  looking  phone. Finger print lock is not fast enough. Battery  is up to  the  mark.  No hear phones, no back cover and no screen guard provided. We need to spend another  thousand rupees  for these items.  One  more  drawback is  it is only support type C charging cable and cable length is very short. To much weight. Very bad design. Redmi 7a or 6a are far better than this junk product
Worst product at this price range battery life-3 to 4 hours. Camera quality  is poor image is not stable in front camera while Making video. Start hanging  sometimes.  Touch screen response is bad. Don't  buy this product  at this price range you can get better phone from other brands in this price range  vivo,oppo,mi, Nokia,realme. Fingerprint sensor response is very slow.
I purchased samsung M20 on 23rd april, 2019 and within 2 weeks the lcd panel started leaking from inside. there was no visible external damage or scratches & the service centre is refusing to service it. These low cost smartphones do not maintain quality control and the service team is avoiding to take liability by spinning some technical jargon unknown to the customers.
Worst product and waste of money. Exactly after a month it has stopped working and getting restarting frequently and quality of the product is at ground level. Worst Camera. Battery backup is not up to the mark while compared with 5000mah battery phones. Please don't buy this product
No selfee focus light.. Really shock for that...very hot while charging... no screenshot on disply...  service station  worker change the charger pin point tuen some kind of fast charging done... customer needful aap must helpful and make easy comfortable for customer... Samsung must work on what is need ful and easy way to operate the mobile  for customer view point... regards prashant
Sound quality is good but the process is Soo bad this mobile does not deserve 11000/- price section.  It perform very slowly and get heat very soon
Worst phone of the year. I was fooled by many review.  Face recognition does not work, front camera is can be compared with VGA one.  Finger access does not sense at all mostly, & too Samsung lag option they give inbuilt to customer.
I think it's hasn't good camera...so build camera mega pixel in Samsung m20.I'm not satisfied for not only camera and battery also drain fast and phone is over heated(use online and offline)...I suggested don't  buy this phone...I really upsetd for this performance..
I regret purchasing this mobile. This phone has very soft, delicate Display which immediately cracked after falling from just minimal distance. And the cost for new display is 4450 Inr. These guys makes customer fool easily we get trapped for these type of phones. they knew incident will happen like this and will earn more than enough money from the customer.  Apart from Battery and camera everything is priceless.
This product is very bad. Whenever I open the phone ads pop up frequently and through chrome I blocked pop ups and redirects even though, the ads popped up. The camera quality of the phone is very poor.Whenever I use the phone for 40-50 minutes, the phone gets heated.You cannot download marnier apps as it requires so much MB. I suggest not to buy this phone.I hope my review is helpful to anyone deciding to buy this product.
M20 is not good in camera in low light. Video capturing have no features, system set front camera so we can not manually set it. and I am having issue regarding M20, during call there is ligt senser issue on screen. during call screen lights up and clicks anywhere and any app or call menus activated automatically, so it is very complicated in call to check wat happend.
What u have made @samsungindia touch is not working light is voming out of screen nd body joints.. sofware issues too i m not able to download even samsung apps like smart switch and secure folder.
I tried playing the wwe champions game but battery sucked up quick that put a question mark how come 5000 Mah battery exhausted just in 3 hours very upset as for as camera I haven't removed the covers yet so can't provide the review fingerprint and face scanner is pretty good as I said I haven't removed cover so don't want to be harsh reviewer,so the handset is pretty good only battery life put me in concern straight away.
I bought  samsung again thinking at least now with m series they will give a great product but no. Plz don't buy samsung. Samsungs moisture  detector  is faulty unable to charge when moisture is detected in charging slot. Even when phone has not been in contact of water it just keeps annoying  you. And there is no option  to shut down that sensor. When its urgent to charge your  phone sensor suddenly just detects moisture.
Very worst phone..... please I request you not to waste your money on this disgusting phone..... Red mi note 7 is far better than this Only battery is good in this phone.... expect that not camera not face recognition  not even fingerprint is working properly I am returning this phone and buying redmi note 7 pro ... after taking trial of my brother's phone.... which is too good than this definitely
Camera quality very bad.   Not Scratchless  sometime Os Hang and not working for 4 to 5 seconds when make call & receive call  Touchpad sometime working very bad. Autometically touched anywhere on screen.  Very bad for gaming  Only use as simple android phone  Very bad product  But Battry backup and OS features very good than Samsung older mobiles.
Mobile is good, but response time very slow. When you calling that time sim selection take time 5 to 6 second, after press sim 1 again take time, so I m frustrated when I call urgently. I go in settings and select sim 1 for default call for sim 1, but it's not working, my previous phone also set this settings work. I m not happy this phone, my previous phone vivo v5 is better...
Battery is adequate for my use which is majority of a day. Display is good for entertainment and media. Camera is meh. Phone heated like crazy high the first few months like even when i make a phone call reached 45 degrees. Now it is normal or maybe i got used to the heat XD. Gaming is meh. If u use your phone primarily for media and entertainment i.e netflix youtube then go for this device.
Don't buy this phone not even by mistake. It's useless buy xiaomi its better than this. Exynos is trash it even hangs while playing bubble shooter!!!! Network keeps disconnecting for no reason and while complaining to company they don't give a damn. Camera is worse than even redmi 4A .Battery keeps dropping after 2 weeks. Since i bought this phone fingerprint works only twice that too after cleaning the sensor for hours.
Reception quality is very low. Never get full Tower,where others mobile gets full Tower. Same problem with data connection. No improvement after upgrade to Pie. Absence of night mode & slow motion video.
Face recognition sucks. Finger print sensor is not upto the mark. OS is buggy and laggy. Battery life is okayish. Screen is good. Cable length is too small. Fast charger is not available.
After using this mobile for complete 4 months  i felt writing a  review battery life is average not as they mentioned  i use my mobile only for 5 hours a days . People who play games  on phone it is not good take this phone . Camera quality is poor  than  vivo , oppo , lenova , mi . Phone is getting slow gradually , hanging i have lot more to say byt over i took a wrong decision inspite knowing about samsung mobiles 😏
fingerprint reader is very poor as compared to MI. Finger should be place very accurately on the fingerprint reader, otherwise it would not work. Slight dust or perspiration on finger may fail the reader to read the fingerprint. Battery life is very good.
I had bought this phone only 4 months back. It has a big problem of randomly detecting moisture and then giving up on charging until the moisture goes away.  This happens so frequently that the phone is practically useless. I am having to buy another non-samsung (I hate you samsung for wasting my 13k Rupees) phone within 4 moths of buying this one. Other friends who have a samsung phones have reported similar problem.
Please rethink before buying this phone. Just suffering after purchasing this phone. Voice during call is not clear where network is weak but Amazon will not help u out as there software will not track this problem. I have compared the issue with other phone where there is no issue with same network. Amazon just a waste of money and time.
this moblie M20 not working properly. there is somany technical issues like over heat the set, signal problems, net problem and other issues. I am not satisfy with this mobile. Battery standing is very low. its discharged speedily. totally i am not satisfy with this mobile. better to change this one and give the another set to me. Totally worst mobile. i want to return this product because its not working properly.
Design is good. Picture quality is not bad. Sound quality is okay.  But some issues is there 1. Battery draining quickly. 2. Heating while charging.  3. Finger print sensor is Pathetic. 4. Built quality is literally weak. 5. Very Slippery gripping.
The mobile phone(M20) is fully defective product. There are 2 sim card slot but none of these are functioning properly. Last 5-7 days I cannot make calls neither of sim. I am unable to reach customar care since 1 week. Samsung customer service also not supporting me. By 13k I have bought a toy. Please help me to replace or repair this mobile.
I GOT THIS PHONE 1 WEEK BACK. ALREADY THERE ARE ISSUES WITH IT. IT IS NOT RECOGNIZING THE SIM. I HAVE ALREADY VERIFIED IT BY PUTTING THE SIM IN 2 OTHER HANDSETS AND THE OTHER HANDSETS ARE EASILY RECOGNIZING THE SIM. THIS HANDSET TURNED OUT TO BE A HORRIBLE PURCHASE. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!
Camera quality is average. Fast processor. Face sensor is worst. It unlocks the device when you show sleeping face or even show group photo of ur in other mobile or album in first time. More than average functions.  After using more than 1 month I feel this is the worst phone.
Not worth price since redmi and others gives better value for money
Regarding the performance wise it was okayaish but the screen is damn worse.I did made screen to be protected by a 500rs screengaurd but the screen is broken due to accidental fall .The thing which is further worsing is replacement is not in warranty and cost of replacing of the screen is half the rate.Better thing is oneplus and Nokia mobiles worst samsung and worst Customer feedback and response
Will not recommend this phone as it started heating within 1 month of purchase, mobile hangs continuously and heats up. When put for charging does not charge fully. Thought Samsung products are quality but it is not so. Will think 100 times before buying Samsung device
Internet both wifi and 4g is very slow where other mobile are perfect in same location same provider. Sound quality also not up to the mark
Pros 1. Good battery life 2. Camera quality seems to be just okay  Cons- 1. Position of earphone jack is really weird 2. Length of phone is too big, doesn't slip well in a formal pant pocket 3. Network as per my experience was better with Motorola phone. It's really poor with network connections 4. Bulky in weight 5.
Worst worst worst ever phone used. It hangs everytime , camera doesnt work properly , don't buy it . Amazon will not return this order , will have to go through tedious process of replacing . Please don't buy this phone . I thought might be 2-4 phones will have this problem after going through reviews , but I think every phone is defective , Samsung has not resolve any issue pertaining to this phone
I purchased this mobile on first flash sale on 05-02-2019. After using some days the mobile was not charging. I took my mobile to my nearest service center they repaired and again not charging less than 10 days of repair. I again go to service center they repaired again and same way from next two days onwards it is not charging. I bored to repair again and again. Finally I did not know the actual reason for not charging my mobile.
1)Screen light is bad which cause irritation to eye especially left 2) mobiles hang within month may be some mother board issue ( low quality) 3) touch issue 5) only battery is actually good and giving performance, so basically it is 13000 rupees power bank ,nothing else
The processor may not be the fastest available, but that battery life is immense. I can go on for 1 and a half day, probably 2 days without charging for normal usage. Camera is great for the price. Fingerprint reader is good. The face unlock is also very awesome and accurate.  However there are some bugs in the android pie software but samsung has released some updates to remove them.
I have purchased this M20 phone  because of only brand, used  1 week and now feeling that is wastage of money.  touch Screen  response is very poor, Camera is very poor in low light....unwanted adds, .... :(:(:(. I am unhappy after purchasing this phone.
The phone is extremely slow and has started getting hang after 2 days itself. Good battery backup however charging is not as fast as being claimed.
It didn't meet with my expectations, because it doesn't get proper network and Internet speed in both sim slot is very very poor. Continue buffering run, i fix Jio sim in slot 1 and Vodafone sim in slot 2. I would not buy any Samsung phone in future. While my another phone of honor run very smoothly while i choose either sim 1 or sim 2 for data Regards Mohan Sharma Mob 7875952339
Don't buy.. such a poor product..battery is poor backup.screen is lagging like abacus aged system ..for 13k you're going...buy a full of headache nothing else...Amazon peoples also lift there hands. After once you buy the ptoduct....such a poor product selling by amazon..
Phone looks it was a refurbished item, as I gifted the phone to my wife, there was a complaint from her, as camera and touch is not working properly. Please try to provide genuine products, we are paying a lot for the products,. Be genuine in selling and purchasing products.
It's worst mobile which I have purchased till now few months before it shutdown automatically and Let's go appears on screen. I went to gallery for this they work on it  and change mother board, next day the problem remain as it. After that I hv lock in lockdown .
One of the worst model from Samsung...below are few points about this mobile 1. Both front and back cameras not upto mark. 2.Performance is not Good and hanging for some time. 3.Taking 2hrs of time to get fullcharging. 4.Not caching the singnals in closed areas. 5.Touch screen  performance also not good. 6.Finger print also not working properly.
When I opened the box I found beauty inside it which attracted me toward itself. The Dew Drop display, The Unibody design but when I Started it the screen which was attractive stopped working, after first boot the device hasn't started. I asked for replacement but AMZ say we don't have a new one in Stock, so they refunded me the whole amount.
worst performance by Samsung using edge however buy this for secondary phone but the network is a biggest issue so many drop call and no GPS unable to replace trying to connect with the amazon team from last 2 weeks but no response.
Galaxy M20 is better option in the range around ₹12000. But it is bit heavy and what company claims of 500 mAh, I don’t think it gives back up as per it’s efficiency. Company claims for video playing more than 20 hours. That is also fake. And the worst thing I experienced is not able to download many important apps from PLAY STORE. I would suggest to go for other options who is bit techy.
Don't buy this product if you are buying for portrait mode photography the mode will not work
Dear dost, Dont buy samsung phone especilay m series, it heated, it hangs. i had bought samsung m20, from Amozon, in one day of use it hangs, also it heated up very frequent, so i exchage it from amazon, the new one is also heated ups, also hangs, n app crashes also. so i reques you all not to buy any samsung galaxy series any more. if their is minus rating then i will give it minus -5. it is worth less.
performance is not up to mark and camera clarity is too bad , only good thing in phone  battery backup. highly disappointed . in first month itself phone charger started giving problem . have to visit store for repair or replace . Did not receive headset in the box not sure if Samsung itself not providing or something with Amazon dealer .  Update :- plz dont go for it phone get hung frequently worst performance
Performance : 4.5 Camera Quality : 2.5 Wide Camera : 0.5 Panaromic Shot : 0.0 Worst Battery Backup : 4.5 Sound Quality : 4.0 Screen Type : LCD 4.5  Total Rating : 3.0
Charger not working. There’s no option to return and replace the accessories alone - how can I return the complete device and then wait for the complete new set ? Very disappointed.
Dont buy this total waste of money & Totally Unsatisfied with this Product, 1. Gets very heated when u turn on the Torch even for 5-10 min. 2. Camera quality is also pathetic. 3. Network is major issue in this model, need to refresh the network every 10-15 min in a Day. 4. Battery back up is average not like 5000 MAH batteris. 5. Also gets Hanged every time while coming out of application. 6. Face unlock is not working properly.
Camera is too bad. Pictures looks like turbulenced. Not meet minimum sharpness.. and finger print sencor.. oh my God.. it's took min 3 secs too unlock, even have only default apps..  Before this I'm used redmi 6 pro. That mobile have fantasic feedback  on fingerprint sensor and decent camera even low light. I'm bought this mobile only  trust with Samsung branding. Very much disappointed...!
Otg not compatible with this phone so can't use pendrive. Phone speaker volume is very very-very low even at the full volume. After two updates phone is running slow. Pros : good battery, good touch feel, compact in palm so good to use by single hand. Suggestion: slightly curved body would be better so it would be gripped furmly in palm.
The performance as mentioned in the specifications dont live upto the expections (thought I expected it) Battery life is around 26 hrs (after watching videos of around 3 hrs.) Fingerprint Reader : Sometimes need to touch 2-3 times for the phone to unlock Camera Quality : Average  Overall I found it Value for Money. u cant ask for anything more in 10K
In m20 we found heating issues after run youtube 20 minutes or surfing it is hang for overheat , also not work wake up screen on double Tap, every time for wake up we press Button , it is irritating at the time of operating  Look is good but , its may not be found up to the mark We are go for First time in samsung , but feel upset
Don't buy this phone After using 1months it started hang problem Out of 3GB ram it system consumes 1GB and aftet i  install apps & phone has become slow Its processor speed is slow compare to other processesor &its battery is good in its own way but compare to other mobile battery it drains fast Its camera quality is awesome but the main problem is that it don't take live focus while a metet away...
before bying this i used honor 7x . i can say that the user experiance of samsung m20 is below the level of honor 7x. one thing where i desapointed more is a camera department, camera performance and image quality are far better in honor 7x. i should order 2 year old honor 7x instead of ordering samsung m20
Initially I was very happy with this phone. But gradually as I started using it started lagging. Now after 6 months of time it is giving so much of trouble, that I even I cant pick up the call on time. It takes 5 - 10 seconds to an enter text. I have uninstalled all my apps, thinking of my apps might be slowing this phone, but nothing worked out. It still at same condition. Better not to go for this phone.
Physical: It's a very very very poor quality phone. You can see openings. You can feel glue in some places. Poor quality plastics. Technical: display is good. Battery is really good. Sound quality is useless. Camera is useless. I'm bored within 10 days of use. It hangs sometimes. Software: worst phone ever. Apps stop working after some days though everything is ok.
I think this is the world's waste phone. Buying this phone means wasting money. Since 20days I'm using this. within this time I want almost 5 times to customers care to rectify phone problm. But no use. Camera, fingerprint are not working, phone hanging. Battery is also not good. I'm requesting Amazon to tell samsung to stop their mobile manufacturing. Why cheating people.
I got this phone at today overall is good, just one thing disappointed to me that is front camera of this phone is very bad quality, After captured photo Quality of image  looks like the 2mp camera, Always showing ads too much when we opened to any app, they are selling ads not phone Not recommended to all So please don't buy
Amazing phone stop wasting your money on vivo or oppo, buy this sturdy, amazing, hats-off phone. really really amazing phone the camera quality is decent ( better than redmi note 7) the face unlock takes only 4seconds to unlock the handset up to date android version (pie) blazingly amazing experience UI sound quality is wonderful (Dolby Atmos, rocked the ground) .........
I purchased samsung product after a log thinking that now they come with great features I.e 4 gb/64 gb great operating system and 5000 mah battery but after purchasing it it realise rajy this was totally wastage of money battery is equal/run to 1800 mah started hanging slow process. Overall waste of money plz don't go for it.
Battery life is amazing it will work around a day once charged. Finger print sensor is little slow to detect the finger and it takes time to open up. Talking about camera rear camera is perfect but when we use wide angle camera the picture quality is blurred a little bit. Sometimes screen touch is not working as usual Samsung hanging problem. Overall the phone but good but as I expected.
Disappointing camera quality which is not the property of Samsung in case of other mobiles, although with low price Samsung would not have given up in its strengths (camera quality). Charging the mobile completely takes more than 1.5 hours.
Don't go for this mobile if u r a gamer. All the reviews about this phone being able to play pubg smoothly are absolutely rubbish. The phone starts suffocating even on lowest graphic settings in pubg. For everything else like battery, camera, display etc.the phone is good for its price. I bought this for playing pubg and am highly disappointed with the processor performance. U could have done better Samsung!
Product is goos in the sense of its display and battery backup. But if you talk about camera. I will rate it 1. Not even you can compare it with  competitor phones. There is one issue which i found. While using two sim you will get speed on first slot sim not on the other slot sim.
Good product. Value for money.  The mobile gets slow when we start using too many apps simultaneously and many apps stay open in the background. No problem in gaming, when we user the mobile only for it. Decent camera. Other mobiles of MI in same range have better camera quality and touch sensitivity. Excellent batterylife.
I bought the phone because of the camera and it is of very poor quality. The pictures are blurred and rear camera is worst. The color of the objects change completely after being clicked. Amazon is not supporting for replacement of the item. No use of having Prime membership. Amazon very bad behaviour from your side. Very dissatisfied from your service and the phone too. Will never buy again from Amazon.
i bought samsung M20 4+64GB in August'19. till date this phone has never made me feel happy. the touch has too much of lag. once you have multiple apps open then the phone will hand immediately. the netfilx and amazon prime videos cant be played on this(some compatibility issue). the camera does not render the original colour to photos. the only good thing is the decent battery back-up
My phone gets heated up and automatically hangs on by its own. I am facing a terrible issue with this product Samsung Galaxy M20 mobile. Kindly advise on the same.
Always hanging. All apps auto exiting.. Worst packaging. Mobile box seal is not opened. But the scratch guard of the mobile was filled with sand. So it was already used by someone for some days. Worst thing is I paid Rs100 for fast delivery. It's worst.
Look wise product is good, however will rate bad for performance.. response time of finger print reader is bad, oddly placed.. phone takes time to response as become very slow even though it has 3GB RAM.. also charging point has some issue, as stops in between and again need to replugged. Also service centre are not equipped enough to open the phone and they broke the outer ring of finger print sensor.
Fingerpring reader is very smooth n working fast Rear camera is very nice but front camera and screen flash not good as expected Battery backup just awesome Sensor is very bad when u connect to call screen light doesnt off properly thats very bad and other switches pressed by touch of your chik
Bad Quality Phone, even China phone will perform better. Phone Stop Charging After Just 60 days. Fraud Service Center wants money for giving quotation. Forget about the issue. Unfit Build for Mumbai's Climatic Conditions. Samsung Rep Says Phone is not "Moisture Proof" pay for fix. Unfit Brand for Mumbai's Spirit. Samsung Galaxy M20 not fit for Mumbai's Hardworking Sweat.
Its a very cheap product, not worth the cost. The speakers of the phone stopped working within two days, when approached the service centre, they refuse to replace the product, they say it can only be repaired and not replaced. Avoid buying Samsung Products, its cheating.
Based on my six month experience, main issue with touch calibration. touch malfunctioning with tampered glass. I have tired with 4d and 5d glass. worst camera. Never relay if u are a photo lover. Good Display Good Battery backup (one and half day with full time 4G on) Sound quality is superb Face recognition sensor is average. only works in best lights
Worst picture quality from these phone. The portrait mode is not their but an auto Focus mode is their which do not blur properly. And  worst in low lighting. Doesn'tork properly with basic lagging problem. For game lovers this is not a right choice for you. The battery of this phone is nice but still quick charging is not so quick. You should go for another phone at this price.
Build quality is poor, Finger biometric scaner takes time to unlock Face scanner doesn't work some time.  The only thing I like is battery backup is better because of 5000mah.
Malfunction device, i started using it after 15 days as i was not in delhi. After 2 days of usage the phone started malfunctioning, screen blinks and scrolls on its own some times, phone gets hang many times, camera quality is like a VGA camera
Mobile performance is not what I expected according to the description. Battery drains faster even though it's 5000mah When I open the phone lock I see many apps are open without my notice.. not satisfied with this
I am realy upset with this product samsung value is not acceptable to this m20. I could feel the speaker sound at the back panel. The quality of phone product seems to be so cheap as they want to cut down the price which reflects in quality but at this same price other brands have fentastic high standard quality products. Picture quality is too low which i didnt expect. Other than that phone is good.
SET IS GOOD LOOKING,BUT HEARING/AUDITORY SYSTEM IS VERY BAD. ALSO INTERNET DISCONNECTS FREQUENTLY. I GOT REPAIRED ONCE FROM AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTER, BUT STILL PROBLEM PERSISTS. VERY DIFFICULT TO LISTEN THE VOICE OF EACH OTHER. AND THERE IS SOME OTHER MORE PROBLEMS LIKE HEATING PROBLEM, SOONER DISCHARGE ETC. MY RATING IS ZERO OUT OF 10. MY ADVISE IS GO WITH ANOTHER MODEL & AVOID M-20.
Overall am not satisfied with this mobile..I had spear issue with first  mobile same had been raised and replaced  with new mobile but still am having  same speaker issue in the replaced mobile..I am not recommended to buy this product.
Don't buy phone only to see camera performance. Phone activity performance is most important & this phone is very slow in operation, finger sensor is very slow, dailer screen is very slow & also heating issue. Over all it is worst phone of samsung. Don't buy.
Horrible always touch issue, screen automatically runs on it's own,  worst issue replaced phone twice but the same issue with both phones, improve touch issue or it'll be a flop model, it's happening with all the m20 users as a technician from Amazon informed me about it
I received this mobile on 27 May 2019 , today when I m writing the review is 1 Nov 2019. Be careful before buy Samsung M 20. it has been running normally since I got this device but today it got switched off though battery was over 60% . I tried several times to turned it on . It's not showing any charging it is completely dead . Consider it before you buy .
Ordered Samsung M20 mobile through Amazon on 16/7/2019, product was delivered on next day... but this MOBILE is NOT WORKING. I think you are selling 2nd hand  / Duplicate products.  I went Samsung authorised service centre & showing my mobile, they told me that signal is not catching, mobile mother board will be re pleased. This is the quality of products selling through AMAZON..........
Had to write this after using the product for more than 2 months.... Biggest disappointment is fast charging...it doesn't work most of the times now and you won't be able to charge it full even in overnight... Camera is also below average... After using this I won't trust on any Samsung phone
Received the replaced mobile today. Again received a defective charger, which stops charging all of a sudden. Better refund my amount, I'll buy a mobile at Flipkart which offers best in class service & delivers quality most products without any defects.
After 2 months of use, the phone started restarting during charging. The issue started when I received a call while charging. The phone hung and ringing continued till the service center person switched off the phone by using  hard stop. I was managed to charge the phone  using USB and its went well for somedays. After 2 3 days the restart issue started for USB  charging as well.
Very disappointing product from SAMSUNG. Screen quality not at all like Samsung. Operating OS also not user friendly. Camera is good, battery backup also good. But overall performance not at all satisfactory.
1.Processor is too unhealthy works like 50year old person heart 2.Battery awsome 3.sensors ok 4.lookwise  front side fully ready (back panal looks not ready looks ord need more makup) 5.Very heavy and plz send him to the gym need to get more slimeer
Phone is ok not that much satisfied with this.. lot of sensors missing... even there is no option for net speed Status bar. Camara quality is just Ok. Battery is not good as expected..from 5000 mah.
Bad experience. Though the design looks good, phone quality is poor. The display itself is not sticked properly to the phone and is coming out ... wondering what kind of quality check Samsung is doing. As this is already 10 days, found it after this can't return this phone.
The phone that I bought has a defect. It takes almost a 6 hours to fully charge  and doesn’t last long at all. I wanted to return it but I don’t have time left to do as I am leaving home. So I am hoping that i can use that warranty card to exchange it.  Till now I bought many electrical appliances but many has defects and I always had to return or exchange it. So I hope this matter gets resolved
Worst camera.. selfie camera worst..night mode time photo worst..
Looks wise okay ....Samsung it's a brand ....don't  know why I went for dis product ....battery life is very bad n drains out too soon ....I charge it to 100% n once I unplug d charger immediately drops to 99% n in d next 5 mins it is at 93 ...cald customer service multiple times....dey say replace battery ...but its nt covered dis is wat dey say...its nt even a month ... I regret buying dis ph.
Samsung Galaxy m20 not. Fast changing and . Hanging problem &. phone. Display not good
Features nice, mobile some times very slow, It will stuck, for games also starting ok but after some time it will stuck,  weast for game don't buy, when call came know than also it will struck  ,,all mobiles will struck but Samsung more ,,,,, totally Samsung will struck don't buy, ,,,,when I was trying to buy everyone said to me don't buy it will struck like ,now it is doing like that only
I really sad to say, Samsung service is too worst. M20 Phone was blinded slightly. I have contacted service center, they are asking money for repair, I just bought this phone on march 1st, just two months back. Not sure, what is the minimum warranty period.
This a honest review after a week the battery life is great I like it it is a genuine 1.5 day phone if you are not a heavy user the performance is nice but not the best because it does the usual tasks pretty smoothly but while game there is lot of lag. The camera is also nice I really liked the ultra wide in this price point but the details are not the best. Overall if you are a regular user then it is great but it is not fir heavy gaming
Major problem is Phone hanging. Phone is hanging and nothing is working on display at that time. next is heating problem. Continuous watching videos or phone usage causing heat problem . Battery life is not as expected , can get only 1 day battery. I just bought this mobile just a week ago, facing these many problems. Really we can go for ASUS or Redmi never created any hang or heat problem.
Very bad processing and usually hang with lag in doing things. Couldn't expect this bad from Samsung. Call Amazon for return under 10 days return/replacement policy but not have proper response by Amazon technical team .  Wastage of money . Many other good options available in this price category.  No need to go for this option. Probably last time bought any phone from Amazon
This phone even with 4 gb ram hangs like some 5 yrs old Micromax phone.. And mind it, its just 2 days old with no games old heavy app i m using.. Proximity sensor is so freaking non responsive.. I mean wtf is wrong with a brand like Samsung. Battery life far seems good. Sound  of speakers is so low. No basic apps like app lock or galley lock or hide is there.
This phone has lowest sar value its good but in ghat areas where network is poor it cant have network Wherever i was using my lenovo k8plus it is not getting a singke stick of network lenovo k8plus runs on 4g netwrk there with jio sim but samsung has reduced d network capacity of d phone
Only the display is good in this device infact it is above average and that too at this price range  , rest is average  rear camera battery, fingerprint scanner . The worst thing in this phone's front camera it just looks like a VGA camera. I don't know what has happened to Samsung there cameras used to be awesome even a 5mp one . But this is not acceptable camera performance.
This is the worst product by samsung i was a loyal customer of samsung as i have been using samsung phones from 2013 n every phone of mine was of samsung n i was pretty excited at M series launch but its d worst ever phone till date it hangs every 2-3 mins n often freezes i purchased it on  19 th feb 2019 and sold it for 7000 on march 10 th , 2019 as i was so so tired of it
This phone is not working fine ,i thought to return it but the return window closed.As a prime member I didnt ecpect such a bad quality phone from amazon. kindly do the needful, I need return or refund ,matter of one day delay ,why i have to loose 8000 rs. Kindly consider my case as a genuine one and do the needful
 After using this phone for 4 days I got that this product is good for battery backup and if you are selfie lover front camera is average but back camera is good.Amazon was not helping to return as per condition. So be sure before purchasing. Overall average rating. 3 star
Galaxy M series phones: M20 is a phone full with some of the best features a phone could have. This time Samsung has amazed us with such segment of budget phones. For the very first time when i came to know about the price segment of these phones, I was eager to see each and every feature in these phones. I can say, these phones are value for money with the best inbuilt features. Impressed!
I am using this phone since its availble on amazon. I can say that if you want to buy this for camera,you will going to disappoint as its camera is not upto mark. Talking about its fingerprint sensor,it is good but its face recoginition is not upto expectation but if you are looking at looks and battery life then it will provide good battery back up and having attractive look with a notch..
many problem in mobile phone like hanging issue, battery died within 5-6 hours, network issue, touchpad not working properly, totally faulty product by Samsung
For given processer and RAM I didn't expect this phone to have laggy UI(may be because of Samsung's customized OS). I never seen any phone this  much laggy around this price range or even 3k or 4k less this. Display is very good and it's main selling point.
The phone is an average fare with average screen . Picture taken are too washed out and some lag . The only saving grace is the battery which last the whole day .   The android SW require more optimisation , and also the update to pie is scheduled for August 2019 , by which the next version of android will be out.  Overall and average phone , better alternatives would be Nokia range .
It's the first time I have seen that touch screen is broken but the the front glass isn't even scratched. I had put my phone inside the pocket and when I took it out the touchscreen was chipped at the bottom corner. To repair the touchscreen I had to shell ₹4500. Extremely dissatisfied with the purchase.
OK phone in this price range. Gets heated fast if used in sun or outside. Stucks n restarts often. Error messages as " water detected in charging port" pops out, unnecessarily annoying very much. RAM n ROM are Ok.
This mobile found one major problem is network issue. Handsets network capacity is very low. If your area networks low signals don't bye this mobile or Samsung M Series mobile.
1.This not original samsung brand . 2.Phone is very very hanging. 3.Replacement not working. 4.phone not returnable options. Please don't buy please don't buy.
This is really not recommended,  only reason is that, its hang too much, even with 2 or 3 apps are opened if... disappointed with this, m scare how i will continue with this phone for atleast another one year, it will make me frustrated..
Phone looks are good but phone doesn't work upto the mark, information mentioned on Amazon about phone is updated only to market the phone, it doesn't match with actual performance of the phone rating given for looks and brand name, my moto g play works far better than Samsung m20
1. Till now the phone looks fine. As the product is only available on Amazon the local markets don't have mobile covers and screen guards. There is a very limited collection available on Amazon.  2. Earphones are not provided with the product. But if you wish to turn on radio you need to plug an earphone. This feature could have been removed or Samsung should have provided earphones.
I'm writing this after 1 month of Mobile usage,  it's really waste of money as the mobile is getting hang within a month and even at that time mobile is working only after switching off and switching on it,  cam clarity is also not that so great.. For these features 10990 Rs.  is very much since we have many good options in other brands.. So don't get cheated by seeing the brand.. Never expected this from Samsung..
Overall good.... Battery life one and half days with full time data on... While using dial pad... RECENTS not appear Contact searching in dial pad to be improve .... Give preference from RECENTS..... then from contact list
My phone is brand new  but sorry to say its hung most of the times.  May be phone looks slow n we look faster  . Camera is stuck most of the times  T
1.started getting stuck in between uses  within 3 days of unboxing 2.camera quality under low light is utter waste. 3.Samsung claims this particular product is having fast charging. I didnt notice anything different from normal charging 4.Box was opened earlier. Product was full of dust.  Seller need to explain this. but product was fresh.
Overall from the front side it's good, picture quality is also good, touch is very responsive not as the old Samsung phones. Sound quality is very poor,  they are using only Dolby Atoms name not the quality. Sound over bluetooth is very very poor no effect of Dolby and even on any sound setting, thinking to sell it. Signal reception is quiet poor,  on the same network other phones work well but this one fails.
i think for battery & pic phone is good. but for network its not good phone. cus  its show only two tower in all area of Vadodara & net perfomence is also not good. I buy jio sim cus Vodafone card is not working properly but same problem with jio card . I use my jio card in gionee phone its show 4 tower with full speed of net. so Samsung galaxy m20 phone good for long battery life & for pic only not for network.
Kindly get back to me for this. As am unable to have any action against it on app !! After replacement of my phone ... I have noticed the touch is extremely bad , I am not liking this phone and it’s causing lot of trouble to me . Kindly suggest a resolution for this. It seems to be waste of money for me !
Worst mobile with worst service from amazon,completely waste of money and cheating with customers ,they said that they will provide fast charger but they give a simple charger with mobile and the camera quality is also very bad with bad sound quality . no body will listen to you after purchase the product from amazon even they will not go through your problem .no return ,no exchange .
Since I bought it has bad Audio reception. Which both Amazon and Samsung are refusing to attend too. For the price an amazing phone. With good camera. But the incoming and out going audio will leave you baffled. And fighting Samsung to rectify it.
Front speaker is not working so I don't happy this product please tell me solution
Battery is 5000 MAH but it drains a lil fast making me feel like it's a 4000MAH. Camera quality is very good. Phone is quite heavy weight. After using it for only more than 2 months, it's touch sensors are not just perfect and troublesome. No facility is provided for screen wake up without pressing the side key.
Speakers and mic is not that much audible. Listener couldn't hear my voice even I have full volume.. someway  when I play music, its sound is not that much audible even I put volume in full..  Battery is excellent. Camera is nice. Finger print and face recognition are good.  I m using this mobile for 2 months. So far good except mic and speakers.
Not expected this from a brand like Samsung. The performance is just so poor. Sometimes, the phone automatically turns into a dead machine. The Face Recognition and the Fingerprint sensor are not much responsive. Others brands offer much more features at this price range.
After just 3 months of usage battery has been draining very quickly and at the same time it is taking more time to get recharged. No quality accessories available for this phone. This phone is not available for exchange offers on any of the e-commerce sites. Within 1 month of purchasing this M20 Price got dropped from 13 k to 12k. Overall not worth 12 or 13K
Hi guys I have bought this device in first sale. But I have received defective handset with battery problem and network problem. Then I have received replacement from Amazon, but again I have face Network issue, In this brand device M20 having such a network issue.
Not looks like a Samsung phones it feels like other local brad China phone like Oppo Vivo Redmi Mi phone Camera quality is  also not so good I can say average quality Look is good but again built quality is not so good Battery is 5000 mah but it's seems like 4000 mah Screen quality is also not so good its average like other phone
THE MOBILE AUTOMATICALLY SWITCHING TO OFF MODE WHILE CHARGING. IT IS MENTIONED AS FAST CHARGING BUT IT IS NOT SO. IT TAKES MINIMUM 5 HOURS TO FULL CHARGE.
picture quality is good ,sound is not so good, I disappointed by battery, camera and touch. Battery is not working as they are showing  5000 mah .photo quality  of both cameras  is very poor and some times touch not respond after even 3 or 4 touch .it not like I was expecting. Samsung  traying to come back but with such phone they will never come back.
I have 2 Samsung M Series phones M20 and M40 Both are useless and waste of money Biggest issues are: Over heating while Video Call or Recording Lagging everytime u use Not at all smooth touch 4G not available on foreign sims I was in US and regretting for buying this crap instead of MI  Pros Only Brand Name for your personality
This phone is ok but having hanging issue and heating issue while browsing but that test application showing everything is perfect in the phone but I have facing the same issue and some times I unable to pick phone calls whenever incoming calls coming on that time also phone getting hang while charging also phone getting overheating.
This phone keeps crashing. It seems that the vendor is selling phones that are refurbished. Also when the phine was delivered I was assured that the phone will work abroad but it did not work recently on a trip to Hong Kong with a local SIM card. Waste of money . The only option will be to jailbreak and put another Android version and thus I will lose my warranty.
In 2 months of use the screen got damaged and service centre didn't fix it saying it water damage. There was no water to be found inside. They showed some white marks on the mother board and concluded that it could be due to water. Service engineer also says that while talking some sweat might have entered the device. Never buying a Samsung again.
After 20 days of use, nothing extraordinary about the 5000mah battery. It just last a day and drains like any other phone even when idle. Speaker volume is poor as it had just one speaker compared to redmi. Frequent signal issues. Overall spend few couple of thousands more and get a redmi.
Like the design but performance is not good. It hangs actually.sometimes touch isn't working. For normal usage itself it hangs and phone gets extreme over heat some time. I don't know what will happen to this mobile if play games and multiple using. Sorry to say this but this is true. NOT WORTHY
I didn't expect a Samsung phone of this rate to hang!! This was a biggest shocker to me. Camera clarity is inferior to a budget phone under the 10k segment. I'm not able to return this nor use this product fully. Touch suddenly responding to worsen the existing problems. Battery, fast charging and weight are its pros, to name a few.
Initial impressions were really good. But as day passed the cheapness of the product was discovered. The finger print reader is the most stupid thing I had to struggle. The side edges are more prone to accidental touches. Probably need a software upgrade.
This product is too fragile and vulnerable.In M20 No display protection like gorilla glass. Samsung made a great downgrade quality compromise, while 'try' to maintain the price low, but in a realistic manner the price is completely waste of money. Even after sales service is too expensive and very bad.It slip from my hand from 2feet and result is the image. Too much fragile.
Screen is very weak.. My phone fell once from bed and screen cracked from corner even after using a cover and tempered glass.. Specification wise this phone is good but samsung should have provided a good quality screen.. According to Reviews this phone has dragonglass but i dont think so.. it has a normal glass used in phones earlier that could break too easily..
Good ph, amazing battery backup. But I am facing signal issue with this handset. I thought that may be due to poor network. But when i used the same sim in my other handset, signals are coming properly. Kindly hep me to resolve the signal issue.
Very bad, every one can open just little security. Camera quality is good, battery life is very good, can use one day with full working... However, phone is not recommend,always hang  problem without any mean, some time mobile lock keyboard is totally untouchable, just like I am using 6 month old phone,  I purchased this mobile before 15 days...
I dislikes it. It is very bad product ever in samsung. I have not expected it. It feels to me it has done  cheat with me. I request you all to the costumer plz dont buy this product and waste your money. This is worst product. It has no battery backup which have shown us. It looks very well but it does not work properly. Touch of this mobile is also bad. I am reliable to buy this product.
It takes minimum 7 hours to full charge They don't give 15v charger not fast charging No 1.2mtr data cable I just wasted my money and after complaining  they don't replace  or give any help  Amazone  and Samsung  they are froud
I am.not happy with the screen.  Its too sensitive.  It just fell from knee length height and the screen is broken jnto pieces within 2 weeks. When i contacted the Samsung store they are neither replacing it nor giving any sort of concession.  I have been using samsung like forever. This is the most horrible experience i ever had.  Else the phone is good to use.
Fingerprint scanner: Not at all responsive, responds after multiple attempts. Touchscreen: i bought this product last week and i am using it with a broken touch now, it was so delicate that it couldn't even withstand one fall, i slipped my phone accidentally and now i am living with a broken touch, i have used a lot of phones in my life but this one is the worst for sure.
Frequent call drops for both incoming and outgoing. Samsung service center at Chennai blaming service provider BSNL and refused to register a complaint. I never faced this problem with any of my earlier phones with BSNL.
Phone speaker sound is less,and memorycard slot is not working ,and remaining all are very good, battery is good,back camera is working is satisfactory,but the front camera is little clarity missing.
Battery: Got the phone for the 5000 mAh battery. Battery backup is average still. Can Last for a  days usage, but will need a charge by evening/night. For comparison, I also have a Motorola One Power device with similar 5000 mAh battery which easily lasts a couple of days on a single charge. Camera: Average Screen: Very good. AMOLED would have been the cherry on top
Battery is feel like 4000 mah,front camera waste,after every call recording call pop up msg killing. Some time text won't type in WhatsApp for getting lock. No hear phone and otg cable. Some times slow Network. Expectations not satisfied.
This product is a total rubbish and the services of samsung is also rubbish. My phone's display is giving problems and they are asking for 4500 Rs. to repair it(the phone is under warranty period). Total rubbish phone. Total waste of money.
The phone is good but my device was working fine until i got an update ,after installing the update the phone became like it has some mental issues ,its touch stopped working,phone started to talkback, and all this happend while i was on vacation with my family. Anyways lets see what samsung has to provide me with thier services
Samsung  mobile was my favourite  brand but my faith break down after purchase  m20.its camera are very low quality  and battery  backup are very poor.drain in 3 to 4 hrs like water.i was use Samsung  mobile  since 10 yrs but further i never use this brand.
Very heavy and laggy. Samsung trying to play catch up with companies that are good at manufacturing premium quality economic to mid-range phones and failing.
This is very average product not better then others mobile in same category. Battery claim of 5000 mg is not true it drains fast and last less than 14 hours in single recharge.,after 2 hour  of call in day with limited app such WhatsApp,couple banking app,no FB ,LinkedIn, Twitter and few more app, also keeping hotspot on continuously on throughout day.
The phone has many good features like fast charging,etc but it hangs.Its really irritating to see a new phone hanging so frequently.. Touch screen is also not good...
Very slow phone. Pathetic. Tried multiple things to make it fast. Painful. Keeps on downloading for eternity. Frustrating. Don't go for it. Had been using note 4. Compared to that, it's nothing. Thinking why didn't I go for note 7 pro..
Remaining All things processor of phone too slow, which been showing when you will use multiple application most of times mobile got hangged. Now days there is lots of heating in phone. Multiple times tried to resolve this issue fron customer care, but they always denied just trusting on Blancoo app which is showing fake results.
Screen size is not good width is not good enough, Finger print sensor is not working properly, I'm facing technical issues like... not showing phone inbuilt ringtones.. neither I am able to change ringtones, Ringtone sound is very low, And once you buy ....u can get ur phone replace by Amazon....no refund will be given...words as per Amazon customer care
Worst camera quality..unexpected from Samsung...photo captured at high resolution and bright sunny light even gives you blur effect...I have always used low budget phone and not very ambitous about camera quality...but this one really frustrated me...absolute shocking from Samsung...Battery hardly lasts for one day orveven less on average usage..5000 mah is really funny...
Jio range reception too bad Poor camera No option to screen mirror Not mhl suported Heavy Ok face recognition Good battery life Slow data speed when both sim slots used Fingerprint reader not dat great
The worst mobile phone..... Getting hanged lot of times ... Pubg not workkng fine as expected of 4gb ram.... Battery backup the good thing only.....  If you are okay with basic use then go for it.... Otherwise its really not worth of money and performance ..... Otherwise i can rate 3/10
Nice display ...great battery fast charging ..Good call quality and average back camera selfie is not up to the mark very disappointed with the front camera no earphones no back cover no screen protection all U have to buy from outside. earphones should be at least provided with the box. I will rate the phone 7 out of 10
Impressed with the design, After a series of struggle to purchase it on Flash sale...wooh i made it I got it...was happy initially😊...After couple of days usage found this product is useless and worth not buying it..Mobile started Hanging oftenly and Poor camera quality...I want  to sell this....OLX or Quick are guys here? Please buy it...
Hi friends, Dont buy Samsung m20 series mobiles. I have been using 2 months this phone. 1) Main problem is over heating even in normal usage as well as charging. 2)Battery back up also not upto the level and not even crossed 10 hours. Need to charge again. 3) Phone is overweight. After 15 min your hand will get more pain.  So think before you buy.
My advice is go for M20, it's allrounder. I used M20 for 4Months before but now I use A30. Now I feel M20 is much better than A30, bcz M20 battery, 4G cellular signal strength, sound for incoming and outgoing calls, wide angle camera shots, video and audio quality for film watching, easy for Android Oreo with samsung experience 9.5 , and fast battery charging. better to buy M20 Samsung 64GB model (blue Color).
After a long wait, I received this mobile. On the first sight the overall look was excellent. Once I started to use it, everything turned upside down.  Wait for Redmi Note 7, if you are looking for a best mid-range smartphone in this price segment.
Since we have bought this phone every call gets disconnected after 10-20 seconds. It starts with a sound like flowing water and after 2 seconds the call is disconnected. Using airtel sim in slot 1. This problem is faced on my spouse's galaxy s8 as well however on that phone it is rare and on this phone it is extremely frequent  on every call. Trying to figure out a solution not yet successful.
Extreme overheating problem. Can't even use the internet while on a call. I didn't find anywhere being mentioned in any of the reviews about this internet issue. Camwra is average. Overall below average performance. I regret buying it now.
I bought this phone last month but i don't know how the touch keeps glitching, I think it's a problem with the touch panel, I also went to the Samsung care center and told them but they said it needs update and even after that it keeps glitching, don't buy this phone!
Overall a good phone. But it's water sensitive. This product cannot handle water like other basic mobiles in the market. I am facing charging issues amd display problems due to accidentally getting it wet during a rainy day. However in my opinion, the exposure was not of a magnitude for me to be facing such severe issues. I am now taking it up with the manufacturer.
Its been 3 months and it already started lagging and getting stuck while closing app or opening new app. Though all the updates are done but the problem still persists. Battery life is great but what will you do with the battery when your phones keeps getting hang while operating. Sim1  not working properly. Phone keeps getting heated up while charging and while talking.
Camera quality of the phone is ridiculous. In low light your clicked picture from m20 will recall u pics clicked by ur 1 mp phones 5-6 years back. Otherwise phone is good in this price range. I will not recommend this phone to anybody
It was very bad experience with product as well as Amazon's service.  Product not working properly again n again need to format as its camera not working properly hanging again n again.  N when go for return they send one app n link for diagnosis. As i purchased Mobile for my brother so unable to run the app in his mobile. N Amazon not taking return.
Worst phone from Samsung I trusted brand and got it very useless phone brought 4gb ram mobile but available only 1.6gb free camera worst front cam is like vga camera is better than that they are cheating people by saying it has 8mp 13mp camera after we just ask camera is not good they will reply nothing can do from our side so please friends don't buy this only for battery you can go with it
No led indicators.- 1. If you are charging  your phone then no led lights are blinking. 2. No led for any notifications  like miss call or msg.  Fingerprint sensor is something  not working  properly.  Scroll down option is also not working something  properly. Camera  is also average.  Not worth buying  in approx 13000. Its seems like 8000 rupees  phone.
The features don't mention that only an indian sim can be used in this phone. I am returning it as I have to use an international sim in it. Everything should be mentioned in the features.wastage of time and money.
good looking but performance is worse, heating problem and also hanging and face recognition is lol very worse ...amd once you purchase Amazon is not talking any responsibility and also and Samsung is telling you don't purchase with us so talk with amazon.... hahaha and amazon don't pay back so you don't have option to buy another phone so choose carefully... thank you
handset hanging issue so many times updates 2 GB updates hundred MB updates but no use graphic good now also hanging issue and one more thing this handset is not a four G handset, I came to know when I was spoke with Call Centre discuss with net speed they told upgrade your handset to do some kind of frequency higher version your handset is not supporting that is  M20.
Worst camera. Plastic body cheap. Good only on paper. Performance is worst. Hang and Lag issues r there  Low Performance as compared to  Snapdragon 636. Screen is ok ok. Doesn't look like Samsung phone. PUBG frame drop issue. Not very smooth gameplay.
Phone is heating to much.  New one brought and just installed wahtsup and Facebook it is heating...  Very hard to keep near ear and talk.  Work Amazon customer service .they directly refuse to accept this and return. Very worst PLEASE DON'T BUY PHONE FROM AMAZON. THEY WILL NOT REPLACE FAULTY PARTS.  WORST EXPERIENCE WITH AMAZON. Go to store and purchase.bilshit Amazon.
Worst phone.waste of money and worst amazon and samsung after sale service. Display is not at al working after 2 days.initially blurred for sum times later full blank..when enquired in nearby samsung showroom try told me that this model is only for online sale and not available for retail and informed that this model phone has manufacturing defects.pls don't buy this phone.very bad experience with samsung and amazon.
There is no option for below one star,.. I m going to tell you in brief Camera,- it's not able to take clear picture in day or night both Software  its getting hang up without installing any game apps Mobile showing getting heat up even you play song, video for more then one hours in 20' degree temperatures Battery it's good for full day
1 Very poor phone 2 Too much Heating problem 3 Internet speed very silow 4 Network issue 5 hanging problem Tacnician says thoda bahut problem chalta hai Company has no entertain also within return Peried If you buying this phone Totally Time waisting N creating frustation freely
Performance is somewhat good.soft updates are needed.Battery good.camera average.it appears that performance wise redmi note7 pro far better.I am using m20 and red mi note 7pro for 3weeks.Kindly take steps for better performance of m20. Totally dissatisfied with m20 camera.  85days of usage exprerience.
Sometime hang pubg mobile game Very bad experience with samsung Mobile gets freeze and misbehave......very poor please don't buy go for other brands Takin an hour to YouTube Delhi bhai logo Don't buy please please.....
After 1 yr starts hanging like other samsung phones.....fingerprint is worst its just a dummy ....camera is average but front camera is worst...phone hangs occasionally....battery life is good.....better to go for nokia phones in this price range
Samsung makeing people's foolish. Waste of money . This phone only working in India . It's not global version.plz donot waste your money. Amazon and Samsung jointly making foolish peoples both jointly selling menufacturing defect phone in India.
My M20 was delivered on !st August. That time i was out of station in ahilly area. When i reached back my home i saw the product, its display was cracked. although display is working fine, but hair line crack on display is disappointing. What should i do, please help me positively. An early rep;y from your side is awaited.
No doubt, Phone works amazing but I am suffering from 'N' numbers of problem. The ghost touch, the non charging Battery. The company gives us the fast charger facility still phone is unable to charge 100% after 7hrs of plugin. The phone got unique camera, for day light its amazing but as soon as the light dims out, the M20 shows its patchy photo.
Don’t buy this product. battery is not lasting even 1 day. when i ask samsung customer care they said you turn off mobile data and delete all apps then only you will get charge more than 1 day. No one will use phone without mobile data and deleting all apps. Face recognisation is very slow. when you phone very urgent to use face recognisation will not work. you have to use pattern.
Iss phone main ek hi problem aa rahi hai..na to screen lock work krta...koi bhi mere phone ko chla leta hai..me fingerprints add kiye...pin lgaya..password lgaya..just 5 min work krta hzi..phir se koi security nai...plz solve my issue...lock hi nai hota phone.
Battery backup is good. Fast Charging is also very good. But it has Heating issues. While playing PUBG, it become very hot. Volume is less(for Multimedia contents). Simply will be getting notification alert without anything on screen, software update might fix the problem.
Camera interface is poor it changes automatically between wide angle lens and main lens, sometimes camera lags when taking photos , image quality is not upto mark,if you like to take good images with less digital noise i would suggest consider another phone for camera, but asthetically looking good and have good battery life
Touch screen is not at par, as compared to its counterpart Xiaomi, Camera quality is average, Sim tray is not adjusting my Samsung 32 GB memory card. I prefer only to less dependent on Xiaomi, but disappointed. Same configurations available in 9000 bucks also.
"Absolutely rubbish"...this is the one truth about this phone . Samsung is fooling everyone with its own made processer super slow phone after using 2 month i can't even pick a call it's hanging....can u imagine....apart from its battery,(camera os) super flop i am not sure about other model of samsung but  i am totally ditched by samsung...this is nothing but truth
Main function of mobile phone is to listen to calls..I am not able to hear anything...voice quality is very poor since day one..Amazons replacement policy is pathetic, you have to install an app which submit a report..this blanco app has a rating of 2..Amazon don't do this with your trusted buyers..I have asked for any return or replacement before
Guy don’t loose your sentiments on Flash sale/Samsung  I have been using the phone for a week now and i can tell you that it’s camera is an ordinary, also 5000 battery has no presence in its own. Think twice before you buy. Also, post sale there is no feedback option so that you can convey things right in time. I give 3 STARS to this phone.
Do not but any product on Amazon. Their incapable of solving any issue that may arise.  If you are looking for a phone for media consumption, light gaming and day to day usage this is it. Samsung makes world class displays and One UI is way better than the Chinese options. Heat is quite noticeable. Front camera sucks and rear camera is ok.
Don't expect too much from phone. Fingerprint sensor is not as sensitive. Camera is like same as it comes in typical cheap samsung phone. Although battery life is better. PVC build body, can be broken easily  PUBG lags Overheating  But if you are a Samsung fan then in this budget. Else go for MI or Realme
I have very bitter experience about M20 my phone twice called upon at local service center n thrice emailed Samsung support but failed to get my problem which are many solved.  I am fade up n thinkig to go for legal action in consumer court. Please think twice before purchase.  Pleaseeeeee help me in solving my phone problems. Regards. Dr.Badamia Jamnagar
Features in Samsung Galaxy M20 is not much then what expected....  Finger print sensing time is very very poor, it takes a lot of seconds to read and to access,  More importantly,  software updates quite often steals away the in-build memory space....  Hope my comments on M20, Will be taken into account by research and development team out there....
Product heating problem.. Not recommended at all ..in just 10 minutes net use it's temprature increase to much heating
NEVER BUY SAMSUNG M SERIES ALL PHONES ARE GETTING STUCK IN JUST 10-15 MINUTE INTERVAL, I bought 3 phones including M20 & M30. I am facing Automatically touch working, hanging, legs, unlimited problems in phone . Please stop making full to people by giving such meaningless products. Waste of money and time
Battery life is extremely amazing. One full charge is more than enough for day long intense usage (like web browsing, video streaming etc etc.. Lags a little bit, but flawless while running games, even heavy ones like pubg, etc.
I have replaced my induction stove with this. Even when we use for normal calls, or browsing, or view some videos on Youtube device is heating up. In these 15days I found the device is struck 2 to 4 times. These kinds of problems I have never faced with J-series and ON-series mobiles of Samsung.
I personally Don’t suggest any one to buy this Mobile. Waste of money. It is written it is a Fast charger But no it’s not. It is very slow  It took 6hours to charge 60% of my battery.
First day impression is good,,,,after 3 days charging very slowly........30 % to 90 9hrs....very very bad,,,,2 day I will install pubg.....over all playing time 3hrs....charging  very slowly but mobile  show up fast charging...but slowly....
I made a big mistake by choosing this mobile device as I am facing hell lot of problems using it from past 2 weeks. Its not worth at all. Screen flickering, hanging while using smaller applications and many more if I describe in detail. Simply I can say that this phone is not tested properly and released to the market.
Don't buy Got this in 8099/- on 25 Jan 020. Phone is ok but it may b a defective product takes 10-20 seconds in unlocking the screen (when remains black for upto 20 second when you press power button or fingerprint scanner). Battery backup is also not like 5000 mah type. Older huawei p20 lite with 3000 mah battery lasts longer than this. Don't buy.
The handset have severe  issue .. 1)It stops charging and the display shows that there is moisture on the phone 2) Within 6 months the screen display of the phone have become faulty and nothing is visible on the phone . 3) The charger supplied to me along with this phone have gone faulty within 6 months
The piece had severe touch issues as ithe device used to misbehave as well was be unresponsive, the volume would go up on its own while using media player and had network problems. The touch issues were so bad, the device used to make and cut calls on its own. I tried contacting Amazon, they asked me to format it, which I did but nothing changed. Really bad experience overall.
I had just purchased this product on 22nd February not even a fortnight back. Shockingly, already,  the front half is half open from which I can see inside parts of the phone.  I am terribly upset and want a replacement of the product
Please don't buy this phone . It is very delicate. Screen is not of good quality. Once u drop it screen got shattered completely . This happened to me day after i bought it . Very sad.i also has other samsung smartphones j5 prime, j7 prime ,but they are of good quality. Now new scewwn will cost me 4600 rs.
Phone was hanging on the very first day I accessed it. Automatically the apps and were opening, notification bar was scrolled down, automatic typing even when I am not touching the phone .. this unwanted and annoying activity happened. And I am not happy with the purchase. I am returning the cellphone - Samsung M20
Galaxy M 20 has a very poor quality even after four times help from service center. hanging problem again and again, over heated problem, very poor network, call is  not listening to other side person,  i dont know what to do with this Galaxy M 20 mobile. One of the worst quality of Samsung series. First time i am very disappointed.
I had purchased the mobile in july 2019.The mobile is having problem automatic restarting.i had visited the service center 3 times but the problem is still continuing. Recently my mobile had fallen down from 0.5m(approx 50 cm)from ground.my mobile screenguard had didn't broken but the touch of my mobile has broken.so please dont purchase the samsung mobiles.
Battery is ok..not as it should be for 5000 mah. Sound is average not very high. Headphone Jack is near the charging point but  it should have been on the top of the phone. Picture quality is decent. Overall a decent phone at this price.
phone is getting hang always. i thought its a good mobie to buy at this price... ghost touches are happening.. first i thought its a tamper glass issue, but after removing it also i am facing same issue.. front camera quality not good..
this is my first bad review for a product but thats the way it is  . Only one accidental drop from a height of 2feet... And the screen shattered like some cheap quality glass.. l didn't  expected such a quality compromise from a brand like Samsung... Charge some few extra bucks but plzz give some type of screen protection.
The product didn't meet my expectation level and I personally feel it's not worthful to spend the amount for purchase of this product because of poor Voice Quality, Low voice, Poor Image quality, bad Face recognition & finger print sensor. I really felt very upset to have this mobile but has to used it as no other option left because already paid for it.
Worst smartphone i have ever used in my life. Heavy network issue. It is not only my device but all the Samsung M20 devices are facing this big proble. The full network comes when i am getting a call or making a call. Internet speed is 70-80 percent  slower than any other smartphone available in market. I don't know how Samsung or Amazon is going  to fix this.
I bought the Samsung galaxy m20 6/64 It's no where near a good phone Very slow Very short WiFi range Poor camera Not good product Returning it.
Samsung  ke name pr dhaba hai bhai yeh koi mat purchased karna bakwash camera And display Ise phone return ki policy nahi hai Sirf replace ki hai to bhi yeh phone nahi kharide kyu ki phone TFT display hai camera bhi poor quality hai
I bought this product by believing the name SAMSUNG brand. But Redmi, Realme pho es are far better than this product. Real me 40000mah battery better than this 500mah battery. I phone display gone after 3 months. Service center saying that "THIS NOT COMES UNDER WARRANTY"....  worst product.
The battery is not at all good It says 5000mah but it doesnot last till evening I need replacemen of the device
Good phone for a good price. Camera leaves you asking for more. Touch and feel is good. Overall. Nice piece in a reasonable price. But Mi is a better option if you are not stuck with Samsung
Its OS is way too complex and icons are so small that it's difficult to touch anything specific. The OS is user unfriendly, especially if you want to buy this phone for someone older than 30, just please DO NOT go for this. I bought it for my mother and its a mistake. Buy a Redmi or Motorola instead.
It's a good phone works perfectly fine and smoothe but sometimes lack during heavy gameplay or elongated gameplay, processor and RAM can be improved I would suggest you to buy the galaxyM30 instead if it fits the budget...otherwise in this budget this phone is among the top of the line phone with fully loaded specs and features.
Do'nt buy This mobile. iski battary 5000 mah he lekin 12 Hour me hi dead ho jati he . Charging or video k  time heat bhi hota he me to return kar raha hu is mobil ko. isase badhiya to nokia 6.1 Plus he  ..
Phone came with low standard packaging..from samsung. This phone does not even come with headphone or screen gaurd. Understand it called budget phone but still 10rs screen will not make much diff to samsung. Last but not list .. despite of having two camera the picture quality is poor.
phone dead within 2 months of purchase....that too despite of low usage....dont go with Samsung M20 series 1. People receiving call can't hear  , 2.touch  is not good there is a lag in opening 3.phone is damn slow ... 4..despite of 5k battery ....its battery is not great...  Looks like Samsung wants to contest to become no.1 from bottom
Lot of new features. But I am not satisfied with new type charging chord. Micro charging socket is bigger than normal scocket so in emergency can not charge with other Samsung charger.
This product persisting switch on of itself and charging problem and overheating problem since last one month and it has been sent to service Centre, there it was formatting but problem couldn't be solved and after that lockdown done in India, so kindly registered my complaint and solve it after finish lockdown. Thanks Naresh Sharma 8860353747
Pros :  long battery life, smooth performance  Cons: front and back camera bad performance even though recent image stabilization update lot of noisy in image for just 1× zoom ,  Overall for performance u go for it , as I am photographer i didn't like this Samsung m series for capturing good memories for me it is bad choice to purchase .
The phone is not up to the expectations set by it's advt & reviews. The phone lags pretty much & is slow even for a light user. My father is using it so you can assume how heavy or light user he could be. Camera & fingerprint rdrs are ok but battery life is not as xpctd as being 5000 mah .
Phone camera quality is 3rd class. Battery is really ossom 4 days without charging works. Phone performane is bad .without installing apps phone utilizes 2.5 GB of ram out of 4 gb.showing only 1.5 gb ram free Just imagine if we install apps than the performance will goo worst. Overall ok phone in this price.but it should be have been better. Broke the expectation.
The camera performance is very very poor and never expected this kind of low quality for 12K bucks. Also the phone performance is also not as expected. The overall quality of the phone is very poor and I don't recommend to buy this product at all. When I called Amazon Customer Care and asked for an exchange but they politely denied to do that
I have got refurbished phone.after a week the phone was not working properly .hang during two or more application are running simultaneously..phone getting hot during charging..I have buy this phone want to gift to my sis.. she opened it after five days from the delivery date..initially the phone is taking too much time to process but afterwards it is too much slow..don't buy from Amazon sale they are delivering refurbished phone...
Unable to change ringtone... Totally waste of money... Doesn't support many apps like airtel tv, jio cinema from chrome cast... There is nothing much special to talk about this mobile.. It just does its work...
I want to return this m 20 phone right now  Its selfie camera very bad quality and poor front camera.  I will never suggest to any one for purcahse thus mobile.  Pls suggwdt how can i return and take anogher mobile.
Battery life draining out too fast on this phone. On standby this phones drains out 15% of phone battery with just single Sim card. I also use and old MI 3s prime which only looses 4% battery on double sim in the same time.  Charging time with the given charger is 2.5 hours which is too long. Ultimately this phone is a bad chose. The 5000MPH battery actually works like a 3000MPH battery.
After 15 days of purchase charger stopped working and Samsung support is not responding. Not worrying about the extent of issue but irresponsibility of the Samsung is terrible thing. Dear Hangsung, start to work on your after sales service.
The battery backup & performance is very good. The thing I don't like are face unlock sensor quite slow and sometimes doesn't detect.  And the back body looks fine, but it could be much better design,  as it looks quite simple. And one thing more the camera quality is average.
Mobile hanging problem.. Touch sensor continuously working.. Complained to Amazon, but not proper response from Amazon. very bad experience...
I liked the phone but my display is not working properly ,the screen is shivering and automatically messages are getting typed ,the back button is not working at times . Overall I experience is bad ..did not except Samsung phone to be defective . I was very happy when heard samsung coming with a phone with affordable cost but my experience . Have place complained with Amazon .
Full off adds. Getting cheaper in price and selling adda.😡😠😠😠. Please be careful while accepting terms and conditions for new mobile. Once updated you can't change . Don't buy Samsung m series.... Full of adds and tracks every thing on your phone. There is no privacy for your data. Returning the mobile.
Its heating up while video calls also it has started hanging already. It gets difficult.to pick up video calls and switch rare cam to front or vice versa. Applications get frozen.Every month there are new issues. With every software update the previous issues get fixed but a new one starts. M seriously annoyed with this phone
Camera quality is worst, it give blur images. Battery life is average not like 5000mah. Fingerprint sensor doesn't recognize sometimes. Face lock is also having problems. After using an 2 month phone get hanged and it also get heated while charging or talking. I personally recommend please don't buy it, it's all wastage of money. Better go for REDMI NOTE 7 PRO
In 2014 I used a Samsung phone but due to the hanging problem. I purchased MI Phone This phone was awesome. Recently I watched some YouTuber(fake Sale) that Samsung M20 is good, so I purchased M20 4+64 . My experience with this phone is very bad. The phone is still hanging and battery backup is  not good also(like company claim Its 5000 MAH)
My phone SAMSUNG GALAXY M20 heating up just after 10 minutes of a voice call, I purchased this phone for my parents on 1st of July 2019. They are very disappointed with this mobile. There are no extra apps, they do not play any game. they do not browse anything, still, it heats up within 5-10 minutes of the voice call. Please resolve my issue.
Video quality is not good and whatever u see on screen is seem bluresh. Means  screen quality is also not good. Very very very very bad phone gets hang evey time It's being only 6 or 7 month. I made mistake to bought samsung phone. I did know it samsung is not good but thought asper new technology it must have improved it self but this company is still there as it was
Worst phone I ever had purchased......after purchasing 30 days screen of the phone automaticall stopped working....  Phone was 9999 and the service centre guy asked for 4500 to repair the phone.....  There after I got it repaired repaired from the local market in ₹ 1500 and screen again has damaged ....  I m very disappointed
The worst phone I ever bought at Amazon. Please whoever suffering of hanging and freezing issue visit authorised service centre and keep roam for 2to3 times I bet problem won’t be rectified then call Samsung customer service and ask for refund. After 10 days they definitely issue refund. This is my experience.
Does not feel its 5000 mh battery, backup is not good. Fast charging also just for bane, it takes more than 2 hrs in full charge with 15w charger. 3 GB RAM lags some time even in normal day to day use , game not tried. Considering 10000 price , its not as per expectation.
I have received damaged product.. I need a replacement immediately
The front camera is worse, trust me you can't image the camera quality even not even like previous Samsung phones. It has type c charger but it takes 2:30 hours near about to get full charge which is not acceptable. In my opinion don't purchase only for Samsung go with other phones from redmi, honor, vivo, OPPO etc.
Worst phone. This is the worst phone of samsung brand. I have never seen  of samsung brandthe front camera is the like nothing(picture quality is too bad). Back camera is also not up to the expectations. Also amazon is not refunding the amount. It is just wastage of hard earned money. I ll suggest never to buy any phone from Amazon of samsung brand.
Fingerprint is not working properly. Calls in MyJio app is seen half portion of the writing. In banglarbhumi. Gov.in website, pdf file is not being downloaded. OTG not connecting to the Pendrive. And some other, I could not remember at the moment.  I am not satisfied with the device. This galaxy m20 is working like an old mobile.   ANIL BARAN MAKUR.
Phone worked fine for first 3-4 days but then it started facing sensor issues. Finger print sensor stopped working, proximity sensor was also having issues. Otherwise phone was working good.  Camera quality- Average Sound quality- Good Battery- Good Sound Quality- Average Touch & Feel- Good Phone speed- Average
After 10 days of use it start hanging some time screen does not respond then i have to lock and unlock the phone to use further this condition occurs at least 30 times a day.  this is disturbing situation for me i want use camera and camera will respond when i will lock and unlock the phone.  Dear Amazon,  i want solution for this problem.
Screen shattered from a minor 2 feet drop. I am sure there is no screen protection given as claimed by Samsung. Will never ever buy Samsung phone again in my whole life. People thinking of buying Samsung should think twice.
recently bought samsung m 20 mobile from amazon has some screen defective issues (screen is getting automatically blinking and shaking frequently ) replacement date has gone ,when i webt to service center he told to open the mobile parts , but samsung is not able to replace the product as how we new buyers of samsung believe its value and its product quality @samungindia
The only good thing about this phone is its battery. The fingerprint scanner needs 2 touches arleast. User interface is bad. After latest update the phone hangs a lot even for just  going through the menu. I should have gone for MI instead. If u want battery life only on the cost of everything else. Go for it.
It did not reach my expectation although its price was just above my budget. So I would like to get a replacement of another Samsung m20 or Samsung m30. I am also ready to pay for the extra charges for m30. It is not user friendly too. So please consider my request. I m also a regular customer for Amazon.. Hope u consider my request.
Although, the phone performance is good, I am surprised to see the phone have no regular features like Scheduled power on off, option for placing important contacts on home screen, etc. It is embarassing to see the phone asks to draw the security pattern after thumb unlock.
Have been using this phone for a feq months and I have only complaints. Very slow fingerprint reader. Terrible battery management. Samsung has made its worst phone yet. I would not recommend this useless phone to anyone. Extremely disappointed and annoyed with is phone's performance. Please do not buy this phone, it is a complete waste of money.
5000 battery charging  taking more than 2 hours draining very fast.max 6 hours u can use mobile .processor speed also less compare to others .. performance  low..heating  while gaming or using more time..HANGING frequently .. apps hiding security also not good ...better to don't but don't cry ....its my opinion  after using so many days
Battery backup and fast charging also network issue and Google camera is not working properly,  and other phone pic is not adjusting in this phone and app(f.b,WhatsApp  profile pic) also pixel are breaking if WhatsApp profile pic will add by same phone and know M30 will be same
The best thing about this phone is battery it has 5000 mah battery that runs 2 day easily, Mobile screen is very good resolution is good it has water knotch display good for watching videos and play games. what is missing in this phone is camera quality, camera is not as good as other phone in this segment.
Battery life is very poor. If morning 6am 100% at 6pm it will be 15% without see movie or YouTube . No first charging facilities. To full charge it will take 5hours.  Overall a poor facility mobile . I had bought on last week. I am not recommend anyone to buy this product.
So this is my new after month and half Pros 1 battery life is good 2 screen display is good Cons My screen display just went blank without any fall or damage .. the service center fixed within a day but still couldn't get the reason Phone hangs for games like pubg Camera quality is not that good . The colour are dull
firstly the ram provided in this phone is 3GB, out of which 2 GB is already used and left with 1GB only. if you update your phone, then it uses more of your RAM. The phone gets really very slow. It cant be used at all..!! not worth the money for me, when so many better phones are available.
Very bad mobile lost of money This my first Samsung experience Camera not good Display black color video is not exact black Team Samsung you're most trusted brand like iPhones please don't release this types of mobiles Battery is good, sound is good, screen is big But i am not happy with this hope yours next update will change everything....
I am using this phone for more than 1 month now and the pros and cons are as below.  Pros: 1. Good Battery life 2. Display & visibility is good 3. Fast charging  Cons: 1. Heavy weight 2. Bulky 3. Finger unlock is not up to the mark. Many a times needs to press multiple times to unlock
It's not at all what I expected...too slow performance..its getting stucked at one process itself not even getting switched off also after that...charging issues getting heated up lot ...facing these all issues after 1 week of purchase...
No matter how it's camera or battery or fingerprint reader works when the phone's processor is not working properly. Very bad experience. Internet access very slow, hanged time to time, some apps could not working properly i.e Daily hunt, pdf viewer etc. No one could be suggested to buy any repeat any Samsung product now a day. Full wastage of money.
1. 3GB is not enought. Its slow 2. Back camera is good. Selfie camera is below average 3. Display is awesome. 4. Battery is awesome. Runs for almost 2days. 5. Fingerprint reader is worst. Doesn't work all the time.
No fast charger and charging taking around 4-5 hours, fast battry consuming even in 1 hour 20 percent battary down for just updated the application, screen brightness is very low even in night dark, heated in just 10-15 minutes, heavy wait and big size not easy to carry in pocket. Conclusion is wastage of money.
i have check first charging and heating issue , any application and gaming very very highly heated , and charging to take time mostly not good ,9.25 am start charge to 31% and 10.30 am 39%10.51-55%11.01-62%11.32-73% 11.47-87% 12.40 pm 100% and again 10.16 pm-67%,11.23 pm 78% what is your product charging standard timing  same 2 time issue
Plz plz do nt buy this mbl its charging isu problm mobl. I hate this mbl.  I take mbl in march just 2 month its charging problem.  3 timeS i Was serivce this mbl.  Bt this problm was nt solve in serivce center.  So got opp or vivo my frz or all using oppo vivo they did nt tell any isue in that mbl.  My request plz di nt by m20 30 40.  Its my requst
Camera is better than redmi Fingerprint reader lags(not very much) Back panel of phone easily gets scratches so better get a backcover Runs on oreo but gets pie update My fav is the camera ,but if u zoom the pics then it becomes distorted otherwise images are very crisp No slo mo mode in camera
I bought it this mobile for my father. With in 3 months it’s start hanging. Unable to take pictures and unable to use other functions also. Very disappointed with Samsung.
I am writing  review after 1 week started using phone.  My phone got off automatically  and I visited service center l, they said there is some problem with motherboard  they will get replace.  Here a question of reliability A question of Trust?
Battery is good, best in this price range, almost has every basic need, don't know about gaming, camera not soo good, overall descent buy. Being samsung brand fan like it despite sometimes touch goes out of control as screen zooms in n out itself but after lock n unlock it's fine, didn't even install too many apps or big games. But good battery n don't worry about display quality, its good.
Net connectivity will take you to era of 2G mobiles, touch sensitivity will surprise you that how the app is opened when I have not even touched the screen.Call drop is as common as you breath due to low signal level (by the way I live 500 mtrs from Voda tower).  Now up to you if you want to feel blessed as I feel post buying this phone.
1. Worst camera 2. Samsung Secure and health applications are not supported. 3. Charcoal Black colour is not Black it's dark blue. 4. It has 3x charger but it tooks more than 2 hours to charge the mobile.
Phone is very bed after 2 month my phone dead . and change mother bord and buttery. And next 1 day my phone dead again the service center tell me update binary software but not change my phone . my new phone open in 3 times Customer service is very bad response so plz not purchased this phone
Dont buy this phone! There is either a problem in software by default or a virus/malware built in or it is highly prone to hacking, my phone (when connected to internet) starts apps on its own, writes messages on its own, touch stops working.  Edit: there was faulty motherboard and screen, changed at service center, working fine for now.
Very very poor network reception,no range anywhere..Phone shows 4g in very few areas where all other phone with same ssim card shows better network.Phone gets stuck always as show in picture.Formatted phone many times but no uchange.Less rate is just a fake attraction..Never buy this,breaks very easily unlike redmi or realme most pieces are defective
The primary camera is not good. And the face recognition is too slow that most of the times, u will end up putting in pin instead of waiting for the device to read your face. Also, bring a Samsung device, it shows too many ads. Overall, quality is fine, but competitors like Xiaomi are providing a better end product in the similar price range.
Bought this phone with high expectations as i was never a Samsung user and was expecting better after seeing this M series as a budgeted second phone in pocket. But its not worth. Ghost touch issue, speaker issue, lags while operating and. Will not recommend.
There is a dent on the cellphone set of Samsung  m20 and the senior of tecnition are taking it lightli even after complain to Amazon service centre and and tecnition who visited to home for inspection ....they r not ready to replace .....This is very very bad
THIS NEW MARKET EXPERIMENT BY SAMSUNG TO TAKE ON THE CHINESE BRANDS IS NOT UP TO THE MARK. IT GETS STUCK OFTEN AND YOU WILL HAVE TO REBOOT IT EVERY DAY EVEN MULTIPLE TIMES IN A DAY. A RUSHED PRODUCT.
Ghatia phone he. Wasted my 13000. I should have bought some other phone. Tried to contact Samsung. They asking me to sell the phone in exchange to buy an upgraded phone. Pathetic!!!
iam a regular user of samsung phones. Used samsung note 3 neo for the past 4 years. Loved its quality . but disappointed with M20. i dont even remember dropping the phone. accidently may be placed some weight on it but i am for sure i had not handled it rough. Within a month display fully gone. Since its new, claimed the warranty.
I have bought this phone almost a month back. This phone has not worked even for a day. This shows the problem "not registered on network". I tried everything but it did not work. I have shown this at samsung service centre also but they also could not fix it. Please do not buy this phone at all. This network issue is Major issue.
Dear Amazon.. your policy and samsung policy is not synchronize .You are giving replacement for 10 days only while samsung is giving for 14 days .as in my case i activated my phone on 19 sept after usage of 1 hour my phone is dead. Now the problem is samsung is not giving any replacement to me what will i do.Should i move to consumer forum?
Disappointed. I bought this phone just before 8-10 days but suddenly charging issue come up when we reach service center they said charger is not working but I need to give them mobile for 3 days.  Why should I give them mobile for charger repairing. After this suddenly incoming/outgoing call voice gone I need to use speaker all the time to talk
This product has a manufacturing defect. Softwares are not getting downloaded from Google Play Store. Amazon has no policy to return money once you purchase mobile from their website. It is recommended not to buy any Samsung Product and also not from Amazon. I am totally dissatisfied with SAMSUNG & AMAZON. Both have cheated me. My No.98300 33890
Please DO NOT BUY M2O has very high heating and hanging issues and sometimes screen is also not respond when you unlock phone or in case if incoming calls screen is completely stuck and it needs to unlock again to work properly Very Bad product And also VERY BAD CUSTOMER CARE AND AFTER SALES SERVICE. This was not expected from Samsung but it's TRUE Plz Do not buy M20.
The phone looks good..initially I liked it very much. After using 10days sometimes the screen starts moving without any operation. I would like to return but replacement policy expired. They have given replacement policy only for 10 days. Camera quality not that great.
performance of this mobile set is not up to mark as per 4 GB MI performance. no value for money. the same price other best option are available. using with multiple app it very slow even screen touch is not good as i expected. due to 10 days return policy it has gone.
Ordered black received blue Mobile  hangouts frequently Picture quality  very  poor Trying  hard to return the mobile.  But Amazon  people  are claiming that there is no return  policy  Would like to give below  one  star, unfortunately  one star is the low rating.  Very much disappointed  with mobile  as well as Amazon  service.
Sabseghatiya phone Lene ke dusre din hi hang hona start ho gya Camera quality bhi maha bakwaas isse accha to chaina made phone ka camera h
Pros: Good battery life Fast charging Display quality  Cons: Incoming call notification lag Fingerprint reader Camera Build quality
After using 2 week I found these points- 1. Finger print sensor too much delay 2. Battery is average, don't expect too much considering 5000 mah battery 3. Rarely hang 4. Heating problem 5. Looks ok, but too slippy 6. No slow motion camera and camera is average 7. Call quality is good
Tottaly disappointed with this phone..I was a samsung fan and after using this phone realise i was wrong. Samsung lost its build quality and standards. This phones performance is very poor in all aspects.camera i feel like an old vga cam.
Camera is very poor and color of the phone is not as displayed on the site. Performance is bad. I don't recommend to buy this phone.
It's been just over a month since I made the purchase. It's a fairly basic phone I'd say.. camera is average, battery life is unsatisfactory, screen does get unresponsive (u need to press hard sometimes), looks are Just perfect. You can buy it if u need a phone for basic everyday usage.. consideration price its not a bad phone.
This phone is not good. I ordered this mobile 5 feb. So I using phone since purchased, this phone is not good. Is bed mobile. I don't like. It has battery problem, charger problem and my phone M20 suddenly phone suddenly on. Battery is not charging. I done big mistake to purchase Samsung M20. Shame on samsung co.
Overall the phone is okayish. I feel 3 GB memory is not enough and the phone has lags  while normal operation. It is kind of slow in operation. The best thing is the battery. It lasts for 2 days with regular use. Camera is okayish. I'll suggest to go for A30 if you have budget or at least the 4 GB version of M20.
I have not used finger print reader. Battery life and camera quality is good. Mobile not working properly. Often goes to sleeping mode. On off switches not working. Mobile working during 1) on receipt of phone call 2) after connecting charger turned into sleeping mode within 30 seconds and on off switches not working
It's been just 2 months that I purchased this phone from Amazon and the touch is terrible. It's not at all smooth and the face unlock doesn't respond at times. The fingerprint of this phone basically sucks it just doesn't captures the fingerprint properly. So, at the end I have to unlock my phone with the phone pattern or the password codes.
I am very disappointed with this phone poor quality of material were used. After four months purchased screen black dot are visible and screen not wording. No physical were damaged. After going service center thay asking 6000  ruppes for repair. Very poor quality and waste of money on Samsung mobile
First phone I got was defective one...second one was working for last three months...and it's finger print sensor is not working any more..sooooo poooor quality gadget by SAMSUNG...I never thought samsung will be that category like other china brands!!!!
Pros - Looks  Cons - It took 5 hrs. To recharge 70%...Fast charge??? 2. Very Sluggish performance 3. Camera 4. Connectivity 5. Screen sensitivity  Overall Not a Best Buy
Photos are worst, Battery is okay not that great as what I expected from 5000mah Phone that I have is bit slow and get hanged frequently wanted to replace it but cannot due to policy
The  service  provided  by  samsung  is  not  good  as they  gave  the  OS  update in  which  the  updated from android oreo 8.1  to  pie 9 The  fault  is  that  they  have  redused the multi windo app  system The  main  purpus  for  me  to  buy  this  phone  was to use  multi app  at  same  the  but  now  it  is  of  no  use  for  me  very  bad
It's hard to believe that company like Samsung will have that much issue with battery life. I selected this handset only because there is a battery of 5000 mah but it's just for showcasing but reality is it lasts only a day and drains too early like a 2-3 yrs used phone which is very disappointing.
The battery backup is good but fingerprint sensor nd camera is worst. And the screen doesn't works properly and works very slowly. Can't hear the voice clearly while talking, sometimes silent!!! When the phone is locked sometimes it shows the home screen when push the on off button and again try to start it remains the same!!! Worst phone.
Don't buy this phone. Never expect that Samsung cheating first time to customers.
Beauty is skin deep......lot of ads pop up on the home screen which is very irritating n u cannot deactivate also, earpiece sound is difficult to hear due to high sharpness otherwise it is ok ok for the price
Both front and back camera poor. Touch not working many attempts. Poor return police.  I tried to return the product but it asked me to go some app for filling return the product.
As usual samsung thing..bought for my father as they believe in big named companies but after 1 month only started showing its colour..the phone hangs and freezes sometime the camera app just dont open and when it does it shows black screen with capture button only..worst phone dont buy it please.
Internet works  very slow by unknown reason  and RAM speed is not that  good..  It has a good  option to customize your UI. Battery life  is damn  good. Its  doesn't support  all the earphone Jacks.
The performance of the phone is very slow and it's just 1.5months n the speaker has an issue unable to hear properly and mobile becomes hot offen and face recognition don't not work most of the time this mob is not worth very disappointing now there is no option to return also
Phone is very good but I am facing so many issue like hanging on scrolling,sensitivity touch issue in phone.I compare my phone with another M20. In my phone scrolling are too slow than any other mobile.I used return replace policy and amazon supervisor said it will right and he is give rudely answer i want to fix my issue please help me to resolve my issue.
Disappiointed by Camera clarity. So much lags even isang without use one apps like FB, Twitter, Instagram as well as Tokyo.. over all it looks good to have this cell.. but if you want performance then I would recommend you try other one.. don't go for this.. btw the delivery agent was so rude if you're planning to order it from Bhiwandi.
It's not good.....don't buy this phone... Hanging and heating problem... Touch pad also not good.. I returned... Thanks to Amazon easily return
All was good about the phone but it start hanging just after 10 days evenwhen I have not installed any heavy app. The screen got blurred by itself. I have attached the screenshot of screen just after 11 days old phone.  I bought this in the brand name of Samsung but now I don't suggest anyone to buy this product.
Nice phone but  heating prblm when play game charging phone....and also lagging ....this is my first exp to face prblm in samsung phone...im a samsung lover but now i disapoint with this samsung m20....
+Battery very good lasts 1.5 day easily with full usage. +Screen nice. +Updates available regularly.  -Unlocking slow many times problematic. -Auto brightness doesn't function properly.
The face recognition is not very responsive, especially in low light. Sometimes it refuses to recognize. The image stabilization is not good at all. But non of that matters/bothers me as much as the fact that the screen will randomly fidget/twitch like a software glitch out of nowhere. There are times that the touch stops performing unless one locks and unlocks the phone.
Ekdam faltu mobile hai useless pls don't buy this products network problem ,software problema very slow performance ,and second thig is jab Maine refund karne k liye request ki ro amazon wale refund karne k liye mana kar rahe very bad platform amazon  dont go on Amazon platform ,kisi flipcart se buy karo but Amazon se kabhi nhi buy karo
This phone has only one issue which makes it a bad option. Almost everyday and twice or thrice in a day it automatically open apps, or start typing, or control voice and create hurdles while typing anything. I am seriously dissatisfied with this phone. It automatically sends images through what's app and so many other software glitches.
Within one week of use, phone not booting and screen dead. The network reception inside house is very poor and every time I have to go outside to attend a call which I never needed for my honor 8 pro. This is my first ever phone from Samsung but really disappointed and will never go for Samsung.
The phone at 12,000 is a normal buy and are up to the mark, Normally at this price, we don't get Type-C port supporting fast charging I am not able to get whether the device gets hanged for the moment or touch stops working. If other users are having fine touch experience then I would like to go for replacement.
I bought this phon on 10 feb 19 aftr purchase within a 15days screen started unresponsive.some time some functions operated by self.so i went to company they changed my display.aftr that fault resolved bt hanging  fault started.very slow processor. My samsung j7 2016 2 gb mobile is much better instead this 3 gb ram phone.
Battery backup is only 3000 mh not 5000mh  capacity if you charged 100% it will be 0% within 4-5 hours  , processor is very slow , i think its not samsung mobile . samsung  only the brand but mother board and battery is not samsung.
Phone looks good , but in performance it's not good, face recognition, thumb unlock are taking more than 10 seconds to unlock phone,its not fast charging taking more than 3 hours to charge phone for 100% ,no power backup ,phone hangs for heavy use , suddenly phone sticks,  and touch also not working properly ,I don't prefer Samsung mobile in future.
Like = display is excellent, battery back up excellent, sound is perfect,face unlock and fingerprint sensor working fine,vibration alert for notifications  Dislike : connectivity with hotspot not good,Camera lance average ,no double tap display open, no notification light,plastic body
very very bad and poor quality mobile...its worst mobile.....and always this mobile hangs...very bad software it has...this is a money waste product.. please don't buy this mobile...even it comes at very cheap rate also...don't look about this product......if u buy this mobile u will throw this mobile in scrap after one month for sure.
As the technician have already visit and said raise a request for replacement and if i will get any issue again then refund will be done . I called to amazon and the tech team told me the same thing so i am raising the request now.  Issue - battery drains, hang problem, heating, camera quality is not good.
Had to return on the very next day. It got hanged and when I tried to restart it the power off button was also not working,  it got off when the battery went completely dry. There were only 3 to 4 apps downloaded,  still the system got hanged...
Really unhappy with Samsung india and Amazon India.. it's been just 4 months I bought M20, the phone was working fine and today a few droplets of rain water fell on phone.. it stopped working and vibrates continuously... Samsung claims it is water resistant,but I don't think so.. I want Amazon to look into it and replace the device...
The M20 ocean blue phone with 3 GB ram + 32 gb was purchased in the month of may,19 and the display has been blacked out in the month of June,19. This phone had such good reviews but it hardly worked for a month and the display went off without the phone falling down or any other reason. just out of the blue moon the display went off.
It's an honest review, I have been using M20 3GB version since a week and there are no issues as such. It's a budget phone for the features like - bigger screen with notch, face unlock, selfie camera features. Only issue I feel that it's get heated while in fast charging mode. All in all it doesn't disappoint you in this budget range. First time buyers can surely go for it.
Defective product received. The cell phone is hanging up again and again.i recently visited to Samsung Care Center they checked my phone and said that your phone have some sort of manufacturer default. and even they r not ready to take any responsibility bcz i purchased online worst service from Samsung tired of sending mails to Samsung customer care
Faster charger sucks. Initially, it was taking 2 hours to full charge the phone but only after 1 month after 3 hours of constant charge phone is charged only 28%. So, either charging socket is defective or charger is bogus. Don't buy this phone instead go for realme 3.
Dear sir ,  I am facing issues like phone hanging offen and most of the time screen doesn't work along with screen zooms in... along with keyboard keys are typed automatically without even touching the phone. It looks like phone is hacked remotely. Requesting you to please replace the phone.
1) Camera quality- Picture quality is very poor taken by both can. very difficult to blur background. doesnot blur subjects without face. Night shot quality is horrible. No slowmotion,time lapse. 2) heating issues during, Charging, voice calling & when use internet surfing... 3) some time hanging issues during call pick up.
Good battery life, easily I can play upto 2-3hrs of heavy gaming & still much of battery charge remains. Performance is over all good but still exynos processor still needs more upgrades. Camera quality sucks. Worst part in this phone. Sometimes heating issue does comes while I open Pubg. Rest thing is kind of OK.
Camera quality is very poor.. I regret buying this phone from Amazon.  As I have made multiple calls to return the item but there hasn't been any help.  Very poor customer services.  No product is worth  buying from Amazon..As there is no return policy for  technical items.  This what the customer executive has been mentioning.
Data cable provided with the device was of poor quality and the wires were exposed near the type c pin. When I approached the Samsung service center in a week time as soon as I noticed it, they refused to provide a replacement stating that it will not be covered under the 6 months warranty provided for the accessories.
Pls do no not purchase , very bad  quality. This is what happens when you have to compete with others brand by launcing phone low rate with many feautres like 5000 mah batter, ram, internal memory. Just 5 days ago i purchased and its touch not working properly, phone hang too much, connectivity problem etc.
Got this mobile today with very bad experience ............Mobile is not working ........Touch pad is very bad...........If u r touching some letter it is showing some another letter on screen.....Some times letters r not showing on screen.......Very bad........Request for replace had been done........Now hope for better replacement
Worst mobile I have ever came across.. this Amazon took the price for original mobile angel gave me a refurbished one and within one months problem started and now Samsung care is blaming Vodafone airtel and jio for the voice not coming issue.. worst place.  I'll never buy anything  from here now.. and not recommend anyone either...
This phone is automatically off. And not on a long time. I had complained against this issue but amazon not responded properly and just time pass with me. Now my returning date is over and no one pick my phone from amazon. This faulty phone is wastage for mine. I am surprised that like amazon, amazon not resolved my issue.
Phone got black lines on sides and down side not working all of a sudden . Face recognition was pathetic already but I was adjusting with it but yesterday it showed black lines in all over display , now its spreading with black and green lines , purchased with great hope from Amazon,  got a third quality product . I want to get it replaced .
Initially When I bought Galaxy M20 has has the touch and hanging problems......after complaining about the same an update was made only for the This galaxy M series phones. After making  this update I love using this phone. Amazing battery, decent camera ,  If you're not a heavy gamer than blindly go for it.
Screen. Finger sencor is not very sencetive sensitive. And front camera is not upto the mark. Waste. More good and far better option than this phone is available in the market. Don't waste your money. Spacialy if looking for selfie camera. But battery. Look and performance  good.
Good smartphone in a nice prize One great feature I experienced is a battery life.. tremendous backup.. Camera or sort of Notch works well RAM is 3gb but gives experience like 2gb .. Quite lagging when running heavy apps.. Overall 3 out of 5..
Very good product under the 10 k budget.... Battery backup is awesome and samsung tried to compete with other Chinese product by launching this phone in budget of mid range users. In this price you will get a good phone with the reliability of samsung...so skip chinese and buy branded .
I thought that the charger quality was good but was really disappointed with fast charging, quality of charger( very small cable and poor quality of cable  ).  Not happy with face recognition, quite slow- need improvement  Battery is okay but don't get feel of  5000 mah
There is nothing in this mobile that should be appreciated ,only the physical view is ok ,never ever buy this phone please m requesting it's not worth of the price .don't buy if you are spending more than 6 k .
Product is ok,but Samsung service is bad,I bought thia phone in Feb end and after 2 months my screen became blurry after a little rain water entered the phone,though its within warranty period they refused to replace it.
Battery is great , camera quality good enough for amateur and fun use. In regard to finger sensor I feel the placement would have been more comfortable and practical in front . Personally I don't multitask or play games but still I find it a bit sluggish . However I don't complaint as this is good enough for price .
Hi everyone Samsung M20 phone ki built Quality, camera quality bot kharab hai or sath hi Amazon ki services bhi bot kharab hai to bhul kar bhi Amazon se koi product mat lena
Only battery life is good. Front camera is of low quality, Phone get heat up while playing pubg, Fingerprint reader is not so fast, Slow while scrolling through feed like instagram. I would not prefer this phone as you have other better options in price of 14000. You should better go for redmi note 7 pro.
Samsung Galaxy M20 over all good. Display and battery was good. sound is medium and camera is good. Can you buy the product for the cost. worth.
Camera quality is worst. As committed in product discription " battery will be charged in 45 minutes. Its not up to the mark. It takes morethan 1.5hrs. At same price you may get good quality phone in other brand. In my view, Please don't purchase it. Even you can not received refund after purchasing. There is no policy of return
Functions are not user friendly Big problem is hanging of the phone Phone heat up while gaming, charging, long talk Camera changes originality of the object Touch not works properly Phone can't be return if you dislike only Finally this phone is very bad so don't purchase
I was ok with the purchase but in last 2 weeks phones touch is not working properly... automatically typing... calling someone else... before selecting the contact...I don't know what's wrong with the phone
After 3 month use this phone  The battery dose not work as compare 5000 mah battery. After 2 month when we connect the phone to charger it say check the cable and charger connection please remove your cover if u use cover  And charger done not as like fast charger
Front camera is too much bad. Phone heats too much. Phone hangs a lot. My phones hotspot stopped working in just one day. Nd Amazon is not even returning it. Too much bad service offered by Amazon. Never buy anything on Amazon
I am extremely disappointed with this product. I have heard a lot about Samsung as a brand but seems all was rumour.  I have purchased this product three weeks back and it started getting hanged after one week.  Now I am not sure what to do.  I would really appreciate if someone could help me to get this replaced.
Reviewing after a month :- ×This phones lags a lot ×Unable to talk over speaker (issue in handset) ×Front camera is none of use ×Big ZERO for Touch sensitivity (some times screen starts flashing) ×So called Dolby sound effect doesn't really work ×lags in face recognition
I bought this mobile from amazon after receiving the mobile  i make just 1 call after the call the mobile is switched off and its not switching on, I followed the instruction of  amazon technical team  but its not  helpful for me  to switch on the mobile  this is worst mobile
This device hangs very frequently, atleast 6-8times in a day even in normal uses.  Camera quality is poor compared to mi note 6 pro.  I was using mi note 4...better than this
Not as expected, touch screen hangs sometimes and then you are not able to perform any operation...Dolby works only with headphones and that is also not that great...battery is good it stays for long hrs and gets charged fast
Camera quality is so poor. Near about 10 GB memory consumed by samsung gallery apps which are not uninstall. Don't purchase it though it is Samsung Brand. Very disappointed with this phone. Waste of money.
Getting flickering, when I put finger on fingerprint reader. Battery life is one day, even its full charged Mobile data is not good, while I m in journey, before this m20 I used Lenovo I haven't get any problem while I m in journey... And also wifi it is connected in 2.4Ghz channel very very poor..
this phone is worst in my opinion i hate this phone really i hate this phone.i hang problem of this phone is so much..i m very repent to buy this phone..the internet problem is also very bed.if u talk on call your internet will not be run up..no new opsion in yhis phone...  so this phone is very bad ...
Don't buy Samsung galaxy M20. Charger not Unique compare to Previous all Samsung mobiles, need to kept in hand charger in always when travel, OTP cable also need to by separately if already available because slight bigger pin charger Camera quality of this phone is too low not even decent.
Waste of money..Brightness  sensor not working.. Equipted with 5000 mah battery but drain like 3000 mah.. I got screen defective piece also.. I returned product but due worst amazon's self returne policy I haven't gotten any refund or relplaced item. I gonna complain consumer forum.
Connectivity is very poor...don't but by seeing brand.. we are using both airtel sim only in house.. but I'm unable to connect ,very poor connectivity.. at the same in another another with Same network  connectivity  very good so problem is not with the network.. problem only with mobile.. even 1gb ram mobile good than this..
Quality is very Bad, also it hangs ever time, it gets heat up often, it takes atleast 10 to 30 seconds to display the number if someone called even though it's ringing. Ultimately there is no reselling value, I paid 12k for new phone ended up recieving 6000 on selling after 3 weeks of purchase.  I suggest don't buy.
Only 3 fingerprints supported while other phones at this price range even from older generations support 5. Camera quality is average at best, too grainy pictures. Battery life and build quality are awesome. Recent update to OneUI has improved the UI a lot and it's very friendly for one-handed use.
Worst phone don't buy it. I have got delivered a defective piece which was having an issue with touch, later on frequent complaints and quarrel the piece got replaced but the replaced one also having display issue after two months. Not at all worthful. No return is allowed except replacement.
As per claim, battery is not fast charging. It is taking 2 hours to get full charge. Phone is getting hanged frequently during normal functioning of phone. Supplied Battery charger is not as per specification mentioned on amazon website. Head phone is not given in pack
5000mAh battery and 3x fast charger? Battery backup is so as a 3500mAh battery containing mobile and fast charging aftrr 2 to 3 month has get it down..rear camera is good enough according to this price range but if you are a selfie lover you will surely get disappointed...i am personally not satisfied with this mobile phone.
totally not worth it, i mean for the price i should not expect much from it, but atleast the product should meet the basic advertised limits. The phone lags too much, gets over heated, it automatically increases and reduces the brightness levels irrespective of the surroundings. Overall phone with zero stars. DO NOT BUY
Very worst products of Samsung. The camera quality is very very poor. We register compliant on amazon site one executive call me ND tell  to restart the device. Still the problem is on my phone. 1. heating problem 2. Camera quality is very poor 3.Sensors not working 4.battery one day without data on totally waste of my money
Average camera quality Fingerprint not fast as redmi Good in price range Better than other in battery backup 4 out of 5
After 1 month used in see that so many problems like speed  📷 ans etc but phone is good  in this price category of Samsung phone india 🙏💕  but not  a super
Front camera quality is too bad like 3rd class fone Very disappointed with samsung My total money is waste Pls don't buy this phone nd other samsung phone Very very bad
It's good product with great battery life but the mobile is made of plastic like material so it attracts fingerprints like crazy and if not cleaned regularly it looks very dirty plus the mobile does not have AppLock which can be prove inconvinece for your parents other than that it's great mobile.
... my an year old mi note 4 with 4000 is running more then twice time duration in compare to this with 5000... 🙂🌹🙏🏻
The phone keps on doing an unusual behaviour, apps starts automatically, dials calls automatically. Worst phone of my life. Ses some virus is there bit even formatted the phone bit same behavior.
Over all it's completely worthless for me I was waste my money to buy this product. I tried to replace this item but it not work, Amazon executive always said there is one test after that your mobile will be fine. But it's not worked.
Poor quality product, first time I have bought a Samsung product and I am very disappointed.  The product set had a poor quality glass, that didn't survive the slightest fall from sofa. Samsung is using cheap material and are cheating customers with bad quality products. Recommend others not to buy this phone better buy any other phone.
Initially it used to work fine till return and refund of the phone was available then....comes Samsung into play...pubg gets harder to play....battery life decreases and some times even it automatically restarts and some times audio jack won't work...so you should automatically restart it....better note 7 pro is best with this range
I'm really unsatisfied this product due to plastic body. Few months ago, I was purched M20. But display already broken down just fallen height 10cm from my hands but due to plastic body it's not protected display to save. I really unsatisfied. Now I want to exchange m20 with new Samsung M40.
5000 MAh???? No..... i guess 500 MAh..  Using since a week only half day battery life. The worst phone I have ever used, within this budget you can buy MI, Oppo or any other brand, Sware I will never buy samsung, 3rd class pubg graphics n games lacks n hack. After 1 month only I am facing charging problem
Samsung m20 mobile replace karne k baad bhi battery charge hone me bahut time lagata hai, mere hisab se ap free ho battery charge karne ke liye to hi purchase kare,  baaaki sab oll correct
The performance of the phone is not good when compared to the models in the same range produced MI, Vivo and Oppo. Previously Samsung had released J series phone in the same range, they were really good but this phone hangs and gets stuck when we install games like Ludo or Chess. Only advantages: the phone looks good.
My mobile delivery in March 29th. Problem issues. In play store not any one app also download. Touch also problem.  Mobile body is overheat.  Network not covered. Near by Samsung service center I gave the mobile. They will confirmed the problem. This model im not satisfied. Because so many issues. So please give me refund.
My worst experience so far. Battery life is good Camera naaahhh... it's totally bad Fingerprint reader is so so Overall performance.. very bad It's hang most of the time. I never suggest any one to waste money in this product. Cuz I suffer a lot.  Thanks Amazon for your service.
This product I liked already when heard about it ..but the product received is full of dust and the box is also get a damage on top...and also a plastic ribbon small is get stucked in the phone case...that is now  I can't take out so I cut already the projected piece...I think when i get the item with no damage and purely it is awesome ..the phone behavior I like ...but the reaching  with problems..
You'll not even enjoy 2G internet... repeat ..if you live outside of metrocity then dont buy it...worst 4g compared to others..... everything is good but 4G network is worst.... redmi..vivo gives high speed 4G at same place where this phone only shows loading..loading...and loading
Very good phone. I like. But I don't know how will be long lasting. However it's operation is comfortable.  High speed battery recharge, camera is also good, fingerprints not so bad.
camera quality is bad..Brightness of phone is worst..even putting the brightness upto saturation point the brightness exhibiting is very low..can't use the phone in outer environment brightness...very cheap quality
Result of front camera is very worst. When talking to someone on phone then some of the sound come from periphery of fingerprint sensor so that part is vibrating and getting heated.  I buy this because of, having a trust in samsung brand. But this is very disappointing to have such bad quality phone from Samsung.
Samsung have provided the worst face recognition and the camera are very poor low light performance. Image stabilization are also poor in this device and also the finger sensor is poor. And about the screen, after two day of use the display got big scratches by bike keys in pocket. Please don't buy it phone
low light camera is not so good. camera is the worst part of this mobile. Camera quality is very poor. PUBG game lag on this device even on low setting heavy frame drop while playing. C type charger & Battery are only 2 highlight of this phone. UI is very slow. After using it for a month it is the worst  moble to purchase....it takes almost 3hr to charge.
This product is very dislikely due to low quality of touch .Also the camera quality is not accurate or non satisfying compare to A20 mobile. Its hanged seversl times when we use continuously and also phone battery back up very low its reduced life immediately and when we use phone some times with result that battery hot.
Its good,but not very good.....somewhere ots superior but somwhere it has to improve much more.  Its very much durable,having strong build quality but its fingerprint sensor,and other features need some improvements.  Samsung have to make phones competetive to other phones in the Market.
I am big fan of Samsung Galaxy so I purchased this product but it totally disappointed me. The screen freezes and hang whenever I use. I have given the mobile for service but they can't find whats happening in the mobile and called me saying they found nothing wrong with the mobile after three days. Totally waste buying Samsung mobiles.
Good for that price range bad for games like pubg gud battery life camera quality is poor compared to samsung j7 prime any one observed or dnt know m20 is not supporting OTG
Writing this review after using it for 20 days. Pros: Good battery backup Sound quality is up to the mark Rear camera is good Display is nice  Cons: Hangs up Heating issues Front camera is below average Both cameras suffer alot in the dark Bulky(because of massive battery)
Phone has good Features - but the Phone is not STURDY - little bit Moisture and can damage your phone - in heat condition - the phone while I was driving from Delhi to Dharamshala and back to delhi - the phone became too hot and the screen was light and phone was hanging - may be because it caught Moisture while camping
From first day of purchase does not working charging point of phone.Although I want to replace it but. Won't.And customer care executive's behaviour not good as well.I request everyone not to buy this.
If samsung want to get succeed in this segment than they have to stop putting outdated parts in their devices.its look like samsung is selling 2016 quality in 2019.the only highlight in this phone is battery otherwise this is not recomendable.camera display are most disappointing.
I have bought M20 7 days back, When i talk to a person on phone the other person’s voice suddenly gets a disturbed one Not clear (like breaking voice)..then I return it and again ordered but facing the same problem.. Is there anything by which I can fix this issue If so please let me know
Very bad expwrience, phone gets over heated, and lot of lagging issues, SRTONG SUGGESTION FOR ALL CUSTOMERS "DO NOT USE/BUY M20"
It is a very average product, batery life span is very bad in compre with its capacity & specially, the touch screen quality is wrost . It take a much long time  response. Don't buy this product.
Every time show low tower . Some time no network .. no customer support.. return or exchange policy to make customer fool.. customer service suggest every time "ESA kar lo vesa kar lo tower aa jayenge" no return or exchange... Pls don't Buy m series phone of Samsung .. it's destroy your money
First of all phones battery is fabulous no dislike for battery but if we talk about sensor only sensor rotation is the best sensor but camera's  quality isn't that much goood as much as I'd expected from samsung , if we talk about fingerprint reader my phone's reader isn't working right now ,
M20 is overall best mobile review given after using 5 days. 1 negative point is some time it hang...after lock it's working smoothly again....  Battery life is 22 to 24 hrs with continuous running 'Net' ( including 7hrs standby night time without running Net connections)
Very poor sound quality. Speaker has so much disturbance. Trust me. Dont buy. I bought it thinking of Samsung Image and brand.
Please dont buy it. The battery heats up. Touch sensitivity is poor. My display cracked within 2 weeks from purchase. The screen is not led its age old lcd which easily breaks. Waste of mkney and time.
Very bad experience of using this device...using it for just a month and this phone is giving me issues...its getting hanged for no reason and the touch is also giving a lot of problem...very bad product...I recommend u not to go for this product..u can opt for some other brands with same process range and very good performance....
Too much bad.the phone dose not work smoothly. The set slow.The set heated when it is charging. Didn't fullfill your quantity. And if wanted help from Amajon, they don't help you. And you have to carry this difective product. If u really want this set please brought from nearby store. Because Amazon delivered defective product.
The camera quality is pathetic And the selfie camera is even worse than pathetic You'll hear a horrible noise whenever you'll call someone ( no matter what sim card you use since it is not a network issue it is a phone issue ) I requested for a replacement and they sent me a defected phone
Too heavy, too much SAR value, very bulky and hard to carry around, didn't like it despite the superb screen quality.
Camera : front worst clarity, rear better. Fingerprint: good Touch pad: not satisfaction, not good Battery: superb. Charger : not charging properly. Doesnot support another charger.
Tatti phone , don't waste your Money for the name of samsung. 1/2 Rating for camera . No phone cover provided No ear lead Atleast 4000 rs extra cost as per the other company product
Didi ke liya tha... Brand name ke liye kharida... Baki to pata hi hai..  6 month baad lag suru ... Recommended for ladies and boys who act like ladies
Never ever ever buy this product. It's full of bugs and problmes. The camera quality is just nonsense. The auto brightness is having a lot of bugs. Fingerprint sensor is nonresponsive most of the time. Facial recognition is slow as hell. Worst phone you can ever lay your hands on. Stupidest decision of my life.
I have been using since 2 month.i have got lot of problems in mobile.1) very bad performance 2)I got heating issues 2) Face recongina cencer is not proper working. 4) main problem, volte is not working. 5)got network issue but same sim is properly working with another mobile. Jio sim, airtel, Vodafone is not working.
Not the smooth samsung experience I was expecting. Touch is a bit sticky and phone heats up a lot while playing games. Can't bear the load for even 1 hour and screen becomes hot. In terms of performance it doesn't feel like 4GB ram phone. Also its made for India only so I believe wouldn't work if taken outside India.
Worst phone it will last only six months. Long lasting Battery but what will you do if processor is not working. It hangs a lot. Fingerprint is not proper. Keypad touch nothing works properly. micro phone stops. Uncountable problems. Not good for gaming as well . Only good thing is battery.
Camera quality is not good as mentioned. Battery is 5000mah but last for 1 day only. Too many preinstallled apps which you can't uninstall. Hang while using camera or taking call. Disappointed with the price and the performance.
The product is very bad speaker noisy, camera is not good, first Time itself The phone not turned on then technician came did something but again I have faced the same problem, I asked to replace they told take a week time and request can give till 27th June but now they have closed. I need replacement.
Camera quality is little bit better but fingerprint takes time to open Battery life is good and charging speed is not bad #worst part is you can't play pubg  and some more games because after some time phone is going to be hang and heated  # so my suggestion it is better for parents.
The phone is hanging up again and again....i mean its my new phone.... still...its gonna hang...this is freaking.....samsung shpild have increased price but atleast given a good quality phone....its cheap....😤😤😠😠
Everything abt this phone is pretty good. Started using phone after 15days of delivery. That's the biggest mistake I have done. Camera clarity is very poor compared to Samsung on pro5 though it's a basic model compared to. The front camera is blurry n sucks.. I wish I could return this phone... so is der any possibility to return?
Phone is good in this price. Battery is good. I just didn't like the camera. It is not as clear as expected. Rear camera is good. But front camera is very bad. The selfies are not clear at all. Still I like this product.
I bought this product few months ago. It's charger is giving an issue. Not sure if the problem is battery or charger. It takes 8 hours to fully charge the mobile. There is always a warning sign while charging which means either the charger or battery is faulty. I am very upset!
Overall performance ia good but the fingerprint reader is a bit slow compared to other phones in this price segment. Camera quality is good and the battery life is not fine and the charging time is less because sof type c port
Applications are not downloading,  Defective and not matching to the specifications mentioned  Not replaced despite of informing early of its defectiveness  Promised that mobile will be replied before 31of August but replied on September 1 that replacing window is closed on 31 of August
My mobile has completed just a year in service and already problems started showing up. Despite of minimal and careful usage, battery malfunction has started. It's always showing 100% charge irrespective of real charge left and gets switched off, all of a sudden. It's already time to throw away this shitty product..
I purchased this phone Samsung Galaxy M20 from Amazon, but I am sorry to write that SAMSUNG M20  once again showed that it is now producing very average quality phones. It is hanging again and again within one month of purchase.
Look wise good. Slim and sleek. Photo quality is ok. Main issue touch performance not up to the mark. Touch suddenly not working, need to restart to work it(video available). Face recognition  is slow. Phone heating while charging. Samsung brand phone, but it not looks like the brand with these issues.
Camera ok but lot of inbulit apps ...processing speed is way to slow I expected 4GB to help but not upto my expectations...plus 4G data catching speed is very bad ...same network is comparatively fast ...Battery life ok ok but crazy adds every where
Well very first it's UI SUCKS. So much of unnecessary ads to the notification, I literally have no idea. It's slow, file rate drops. Finger print is slow and not in right position, u need to take ur finger all the way up. Battery life is great.
Good enough. Good looks. But it failed flatmates service part. There was some problem with motherboard coz of which phone reboots itself automatically. Its now the 4 week, the phone kept at authorised service centre and they say ridiculously that they changed 3 boards and all 3 were defective. As a brand it failed.
Never go for samsung phones, bad camera quality, poor touch sensitivity, inconvenient and useless phone compared to other competitors
Worst mobile. Not even lasts for 1 month. Brought this mobile on 27 August 2019, in the first week it hangs and lags heavily and then it stopped working on 10 September 2019. It not even powered on. Since the return date is over, I can't return it. I think it's a fake product or something
The phone is hanging from the day 1 of receiving it, the apps are not launching, the camera is crashing, swiping in any directions is lagging, apps are crashing constantly in between, the battery part is okay but rest of phone is a very bad product and full of technical errors and faults.
Phone does not gave fast fingerprint and face lock it take too much time to open , and even the phone has problem of hanging
There is a problem with samsung phones always. It gets heated so quickly if I switch on mobile hotspot . I had faced this issue  from the day when I purchased . Battery is of 5000mAh , but why it should get heated when i switch on mobile hotspot ? Seriously thinking to Exchange now
Network issues. Calls get cut midway. Wifi much slower on this phone compared to others. Apps get terminated on their own. Applied for a return/replacement but haven't got any update.
Samsung M series giving too much radiation. I hv m20 which showing SAR 0.274 and I feeling microwave vibration in palm while using it. This waves very harmful for body. So I suggest that go for other series or brand.
Phone is not functioning properly..more to it is slow in process..not recommended for buy...just a garbage box...third class...either samsung should work on it or stop manufacyuring the product...this type of review will be common when ur new phone is hanging.. no quality support..phone is over heated while phn is on charging
My phone has some battery issues. It doesnt charge quickly and when I remove the charging pin from the slot, the phone gets switched off. And when I m using the phone for too long, then also the phone gets switched off. Its more than a month and problem has arised just few days back. Dont know what to do now.
Overall it is a good smartphone for average smartphone users. Excellent display quality and look. Camera quality is not good as compare to other smartphones in this price range, especially for those who take lot of photos and selfies. Still lagging in battery performance even after updating the software.
Finger print is quite slower. Camera  more than average after getting update. Battery life is excellent. In hand feel is very good. Feels quite premium with solid build. Latest update makes your far alive than previous version. Becomes quiet lag free.
Design : Beautiful and Elegant Software is very bad. Often had problems with software. Sometimes fingerprint won't work. Sometimes even if we give right pattern it will show wrong. I had to wipe cache partition once , to unlock the phone.
 Defect product has been delivered, phone has been restarting every 10 minutes, most of the inbuilt application not working. Whenever i try to open any app phone will hand and restar automatically I punched this on 12-03-19 Please don’t buy amezon delivering defect products
i buy this product but fingerprint not work, face unlock not work, and pattern lock not unlock so i was replace it but i can't saturate to this item. After replace this product, again not work facelock, and fingerprint lock also..so  it was disgusting.. and it is also slow motion... yaar
I was a food piece for the price .it worth it that price but the cmare claraty was not good when compaire to anothet samsung mobiles near to same price. And face un lock os not working prpperly even with my photo graph it can open so dont use the face unlock facility i thos mobile .
Very very bad product....Display is pathetic .....it is not like samsung panel....cheap plastic ...finger print trembles whenever i try to open it....pathetic camera ...full money waste...go for samsung A20 it is 10 times better
Over heating,Poor battery life, camara is very bad not clear ... Over all it's a only smart phone ...
Some little things are not available in this phone auto brightness mode is not working good, when you text new message to someone recent contacts not appear on select recipient box, data usage and internet speed can't show on notification bar, inbuilt applock system not available in this phone, QR code reader  unavailable.
From the day one i was facing problem in incoming notification and during speaking phone going to mute mode . not happy. So today i find time and went to samsung service center . They tested and told there is a issue in the sensor . So need to be checked . So kindly change the set are any other brand change it out
Hey I got this few days back. And now the phone is acting crazy. All apps closes automatically, hungs a lot. When we call Amazon customer service. They says they will send someone to check. But it less than 10days. I wanted to get it replaced.. why should I wait for someone. And I am with out phone for last 5 days.
Very poor quality n performance is also very poor as compare to other devices. I was nit expecting this from Samsung brand.  Amazon is also not returning this product so never purchase mobile from Amazon
Don't buy this product. This phone takes about 3 hour to full charge. Phone heating issue and also Battery fast drain. Camera is not upto mark.
Samsung galaxy M20 mobile is very ridiculous &mobile displays &bick side fiber material & also mobile software &all systems are very cheap ....all this function not responding & sometime all function systems automatically operate without finger screen touch. All over " I WILL GIVE YOU THIS MOBILE O.O1 STAR"😡MONEY WEST MOBILE
This phone fingerprint so slow sometimes and it's battery Backup not good and this phone every day hit I call costumer care but he say you go smsang store but I have no time that's why I am not like this phone so please guys don't buy this phone it's very bad quality
Sometimes it do not recognize the sim and memory card...n too much complicated settings... n there are no functions like app lock which r very important..n to use hot spot u have to update the software...gud phone bt not that much as expected
Worst phone. touch screen works automatically but when i need to operate with touch sometimes its not worked. Network strength also poor.
Phone is good  but battery performance  is not as we expect  from 5000mah. . . I didn't get 15v 3x fast charger . . . An ordinary  charger which charges  slowly. . . .it needs improvement in Charging & Battery Backupsome I m writing this review after using 2 months
I bought in behalf of my staff. But there seems to be a problem with it the sound echos when talking. I would have expected better from Samsung.
There is not cancellation is available in Amazon for mobile products. Waste of money . I thought to buy A50 instead i bought M20. Don't believe reviews in YouTube. All are paid by Samsung. Im a real user i don't like this M20 And touch is not properly working. Better go for A30 or A50 for this midrange budget.
I feel, m20 was not user friendly. size was very big and more weight. screen was not swapping quickly when change the device direction(vertical/horizontal). Call automatically went into hold mode when take to near ear.
Glass of this mobile is of very low quality and breaks oftenly. Price of glass for this Mobile is very very very high in comparison of price of mobile. Price of glass is rs. 4500 which is surprising. Hence u will feel sad after purchase this phone
📷 camera bekar hai Iss Range me aur bhi ache fon hai.. M30 and M40 are much better. M20 ki manufacturing quality koi khas nahi hai. Pics me acha dikhta hai but real me Attractive bhi nahi hai. Bas "As a regular" mobile hi hai.. jese 7 se 8 thousands me aa jate hai.
Processor a bit slow. UX Lacks basic shortcuts and conveniences even after upgrading to pie. Lots of limitations . Only good for 5kmah battry at 12k. Lasts a good 1.5 day. A bit of Touchscreen issue's as well. Charcoal Black looks like dark blue.  Average but could have been better. (18 days of usage)
Best phone in this range. Initially i thought that phone is not good and it was hanging. But after somedays i realised its update issue. After updating running nicely. And battery is also, for me i charged once in three days. Camera is good but that much but nevertheless in this price range its good.
Very Bad Smartphone from Samsung performance is not satisfying ONE UI is not that great as previous software, hanging most of the time, battery is bigger but powerless hardly last for 1.5 days. I do not prefer this phone at this price point it's better to go for Redmi or Realme  Devices who offers best specs and  performance.
Nice phone but during rainy season it gives problem during charging.  It has a sensor which detects moisture and does not let us charge phone.  You have to keep a hair drier with you to charge your phone Or keep it in silica gel to avoid moisture ingress.. Camera is ok.. Battery life is excellent.
Phone is very slow I hardly had few apps loaded and using 1 app at a time still found it very slow. Camera quality is very low. If you for brand then it's good or else buy other phone they will give you much better performance
All mobile new brands offered mobile case/ cover and screen guard with mobile to costumers .. Samsung doesn’t offered why?????? VERY SADLY 😡
Pathetic phone. I am using this phone for the last 1.5 months. Initially it was working fine. Suddenly it has started showing it's true colors. The phone hangs frequently. Starts functioning automatically. I feel cheated.
Hii guys this is the worst phone in this budget segment. Dont waste money
Satisfied with rest of features except screen/ touch ...I am experiencing some problems in touch..Issue arises in last couple of weeks...This is major concern...Might be unlucky to have such an grave issue in warranty period.....Hope it will be rectified at Samsung Service provider...Guide appropriately Please.
I just purchased it on its 1st sale for my Mumma Though it has tempered glass and back cover When it fell down once, it's screen broke just like any ordinary tempered glass And it was fascinating to watch it's tempered glass has not a single scratch  What a joke Samsung 😑😑🤐🤐🤐👏👏🙏🙏🙏🙏
If you are looking for good battery then go for it otherwise Please don't buy this phone. You will die of regret... Wrost camera in Samsung galaxy series Worst than Samsung galaxy music 12000 price is worthless I want to return but Amazon is not allowing me.. Very disappointed at product and service..
Very poor product in this price range. Good look. But performance not too good. Battery service avarage, very poor camera in low light. Heating problem to high Amazon's have not any refund policy Vey poor experience
Product heats up and restarts automatically every now and then when you try to open an app or speak more than 3 minutes. Please don't buy it. I tried to return it. It was very difficult to process it. Applied return request on 5.5.19 still waiting for Amazon guys after 5 Days ...
Bought this phone out of curiosity for the hype created , but nothing has changed its still the typical Samsung model. Not at all impressed.
I assure you all..the camera is very bad..compare to my 3yrs old J5 model..its not at all 13mp...my product is heating at back..dont know others..5mp wide angle just useless...otherthan camera everything is good of M20..you can go if camera is not on priority.
Trash mobile.Amazon and Samsung both cheated.  Stay away from this mobile.  Got 2 mobiles.  One display issue and other one reboot issue. I request everyone to go for other brand. 12999 waste in 1 week
Pro- good battery life  average sound, face recognition good, Con- bad front camera, charging time 4 hour to full charge, fast charger doest seems charging fast, slow app response time
It became Hot when Mobile data is open and also get Hot upper side of phone (calling speaker, near fingerprint reader area) at the time of Talking. Some times its fingerprint reader can't detect Finger and also its screen touch some times less sensitive. Its camera quality ans battery life is good.
I do not know whether this hanging Screen problem is only in my phone or is this whole Samsung M20 series issue. I visited the customer care store but conditions remain as it is, most importantly all this is happening in first 6 months of the purchasing date. God knows for how long i can tolerate this phone.
I had purchased this phone in the month of june 2019, since the date of purchase i have been facing problems with the speaker, which i ignored thinking its a software glitch. Even after resetting it and updating with the latest software update the issue occured and now m left with a phone which has no sound.
Very worst experience from day 1,even I asked for replacement but ur engineer came to visit home and asked me to go samsung care for software update despite my phone was already updated.. He himself entered resolved problem in his phone...Very poor experience..Now I will have to visit samsung care again
not good quality product......brightness is very low......poor network quality and very very 5th class product ...do not but Samsung and from Amazon....no consumer facility and no company assurance...never buy mobile online buy it from ur local store....because Amazon once sell there is no warranty.......mind this seriously
Charging from 0 to 100% is taking 4 hours after latest update. Almost unusable now so disgusting Samsung.
It was working fine but after some time it starts hanging and applications getting crashed. I thought samsung have overcome this issue but 8 am still facing this issue.  I will not recommend samsung mobiles to anyone in future and also i will not buy it. This has broken my heart.
After using 1 month mobile hangs even after factory restore setting camera sometime not working depend upon mood. My advice not to buy this mobile even if they sold for 100 Rupees. Very disappointed after buying this product only waste of money and samsung is degrading their quality day by day.
Bought this phone on 7th feb.. but within month touch pad of this phone is giving problem and hanging of phone issue as always as it is samsung... Need to go customer service center and have to spend money from my pocket for travelling within 1 month only. Will not prefer to anyone to go with Samsung.. better will be Redmi
Since I changed over to this phone I  notice the internet is a bit slower compared to my old Micromax ( lower version) for the same SIM and same network operator.  I feel this is because of not very good data receivers provided in M-20 as compared to other lower models.
This phone with 5000 mah is not even running for 12 hrs. The dark screen doesn't come alive immediately. After call the screen is dark and to disconnect the phone you need to wait till the screen lightens up. I want refund.
It doesn't have gorilla glass and screen is a bit upward which generates a very high probability of screen breaking. I can guarantee your screen will break within the first two years(google the cases). Camera is very normal nothing like j series or like brand value of samsung .  Only battery may satisfy you
please don't buy this product the camera result is very very poor specially front camera.The camera colors the face too artificial and color sharpness is senseless.also i talked with costumer care they told me to change some setting but there is no change in camera result. Totally unhappy with this product.
After using it for 6months straight away battery has come down over a period of time, phone performance is sluggish.camera crashes a lot
Mobile very slow . 4gp ram but performance tooo slow compared with other 2gp ram is faster than samsung m20. And charging time too late for 100% take morethan 3 hours. Mobile heat problem and speaker very noisy
Third class ... I am samsung fan, but i am very disappointed with M series. 2 out of 3 M series phone get some technical errors like touch sensor or hang issue. This specially happen in M20, so from my side always THIRD CLASS... THIRD CLASS nd THIRD CLASS..  WORST PRODUCT in 10 or 12k  THE WORST
The phone indeed looks good. It has an amazing battery life. The cons of the phone are: 1. there is some issue with sound. the sound is very low. if you are listening the songs without earphones, the speaker is not. 2. Touch screen hangs sometimes.
Honestly M20 is good smartphone. It's battery backup is best of best. I charge this phone in 2 days. But I have some issues because M20's loud speaker is not loud, front camera is very bad and Screen quality is not so good. It's an average and low budget smartphone. My rating is 2/5 ⭐⭐
This Phone is not for PUBG and Other high resources games , games are only working in medium settings, Price,  Processor is not good , Camera Quality is Ok , Face Unlock and Fingerprint Sensor is very Slow. Other features are good ,all most all Sensors are given in this Phone,Software is good.
This product is charging very very slow and 2nd...I am unable to download things as this product has some issue....might be vendor have sent the faulty product. But I didn't like this at all. I bought this product on occasion blof my wife birthday but this wrong product spoil my surprise.
1.Network Connectivity capacity is too poor. 2. Average heating temperature around 40*-45*C 3. Camera performance  in low light is not acceptable 4. Processer is so weak. Sau bat ki ek baat.... 1.Samsung ki naam per DHABBA hai... Aur 2. AMAZON replacement dena band kardiya hai.
Not good at all. Battery drains fast and not to charge fast it takes 2 hours to full charge. Conformly it is not a fast charge mobile. Very much laggings in game and normally use. Dont buy it go for the higher versions by samsung.
Display is very good and battery is also good not too good .when i was perched this phone that time battery was not draining fas but now it is draining too fast.and camera is very average not like its know for other people camera and its start hanging Overall i am very regret
Fingerprint reader is ok but not that much camera quality and battery life is very very poor.  Its takes 4 or 5 hours to get full charge sometimes whole night, I gave device and charger Samsung service centre so many times and they can't find what's wrong with the device and charger.. please don't buy this
I expected too much from this phone..The phone keeps lagging and the display is too huge to handle coz the screen sensitivity is too less.I suggest everyone to look for some other phone!!
Recieved faulty set from Amazon. I Don’t trust Samsung anymore. Pathetic service from Amazon. Their customer service has gone to the lowest level. Flipkart is much better.
Verry bad mobile phone
One month after purchasing the screen went dead. This is for a brand new phone. Makes you wonder if you should purchase stuff off of Amazon. We didn’t even get the bill from Amazon for the same.
Camera quality is very poor when flash is on both rear and front,  when flash is auto I give 2 star only in this price range. Plz don't purchase this mobile Samsung M20.
Being honest i am disappointed with product the way the have explained the features was excellent  but its not upto the mark. Camera not up to the mark Sound not upto the mark Its fast charging but still taking lot of time yo full charge but after charging battery life is good.
The colour of the ordered product was Charoal Black. But when I look at my phone, it looks like a dark blue coloured mobile. I am very dissatisfied with this. Performance wise, the charging gets drained out in 9 hours. The camera quality is really bad. There is no image stabilisation. I suggest you to look out for a better phone than this.
 The display of the phone is not working properly,just after the date of return. There is not a single scratch on the screen and not yet even fallen but the screen came white and some lines on it. So kindly look into the matters. THANK YOU
One of the worst phone I have ever used. It started to hang up after a week from purchase and then for no reason whenever I put to charge it shows moisture detected whereas I cleaned the port and tried to dry it. It's been a week and I have to restart the phone everytime I put it on charging.
Not support in Otg& pendrive,fake specification,any other Mobile charger doesn't support. biometric devices not support
its worst product it worked only for 1 month after display become dull, when visited samsung customer care they asking me to replace motherboard and demanding new phone cost. i am totally very much disappointed with samsung service center pollachi. i am not going to use samsung product any more and i wont recommend anybody
Samsung M20 general functions r good. Rear camera is very bad. Close photos only have quality. Battery backup is very poor.  Maximum one day is coming backup but I expect better performance with 5000 mah battery. I think the battery power shown in features is for bluffing. Screen resolution also not good.
I brought this last month.  But now it's not working properly  .. touch screen is main issue. Help me out from this issue  .. I cant able access my screen  . Feeling irritated with this M20  . Even though I brought this in EMI ..really dont know what to do.help me out
I am getting massages of moisture detected in my phone that’s the reason it’s not charging. This is pathetic experience I went to YouTube and saw I am not the only one thief are customer who are facing same issue ,that means the software is faulty sumsung should look in this
Samsung can never do what mi is doing .
Received a faulty mobile, touch isn't working properly and there is also issues with charging. Taking too much time to charge and sometimes doesn't respond while you plug it to charge. Camera is worst in its category.
The smartphone is good in reasonable price but what i heard about samsung is i think going true samsung =hangsome the m20 samsung mobile phone i m using is always get freeze during the use and we to unlock it again to release the prblm is facing by many of the buyers like me...samsung should work on it.
The product has a great battery performance and well balanced RAM management keeps in memory all my useful apps. Although the Fingerprint sensor doesn't work sometimes. Automatically the touch screen works. Flashlight turns on automatically. Single press on power button makes turns on the shut down mode.
This mobile is not working.I bought this mobile on 25th Feb,2019. Now the date is9th Jun,2019.This phone stopped working.always shows your sim card is not registered.Any sim I inserted always coming your sim card not registered.All M series mobiles getting same problem.So I request all those who want to go new mobile, don't buy Samsung M series.
Worst product. Over heat issue. You will have head ache if you speak in phone call more than 8 mins keeping your phone near your head.
it is from a good reliable brand and battery life is also very good but camera is very disappointing. specially front camera.
Most of times it is getting hanging and unable to change ring tone. Photos quality is not up to mark. Memory wise good. Unable to connect Alex echo. Showing fast charging but it takes more time to charge than my other phone. What to do?
In the packing it's written as "INDIAN SIM CARD ONLY". I want to gift it to my friend who is going to Riyadh on next week. Is this phone work with the connection (sim card) taken from Riyadh
Product is of cheap quality. Not expected this from Samsung. Too slow, and does hang at times.
I gave this to my mother who hardly got a call in a day...after 10-11 days when i took this phone...its just a box..nothing elese...hardly any voice is hearable while calling...many times fingerprint sensor dont work....i called amazon but they said your time of return has over....amazon cheated totally
I have purchase this mobile before 6 month, but suddenly it's display starts reflecting & also hanging very much, I showed this to Samsung care they told me that this will not cover in warranty, & it will charge 4500Rs, even my mobile doesn't fall single time & no single external damage on Screen & body
I have a problem regarding my M20 fingerprint reader it is not working properly. It can not read my fingertips when ever i try to unlock my phone by a fingerprint phone does not open. And touch of my phone some times don't work properly. I want ti change my phone. I just brought my phone i month before.
In this range this is best product... Every thing is ok but in jio connect Is as a problem ... Calling function in 4g is not work properly. Restart then called connect...
worst experience... i replaced it with with my MI phone... old one was much better than this new phone... not justifying its brand samsung... waste of money in buying this...finger print works worst... camera colurs are natural but image quality very low...battery works good...
1. Charger Adopter is not working I have buy this mobile in the April 2019 and within 3 months in July 2019 adopter is not working. Very bad service Inbuilt app lock is not available 2. Back finger sensor can not use directly to see the lock screen. 3. Net speed indicator is not available.
I am not satisfied with this product. 5000 MAh battery is the only good feature in the phone. Face recognition is not work.camera clarity is avarage. I liked to give an avarage grade Samsung m 20.
This phone sucks! DO NOT buy it please. The touch is pathetic! You keep hitting, it wont work.....freezes etc. Sad I cant return it now.
Pathetic touch screen... replaced the first one thinking that the piece was defective... same problem with replacement piece ... even without a screen guard... phone started hanging on 3rd day... won’t recommend....
Well i have been using this this device more than a month now.Till now have not face any lag issue performance is uptomark what can be expected from device in this range.Display is of high quality.Low light photography is not adequate and is average.Rest according to price samsung delivered everything.Which samsung usually don't give to users.
I have made a huge mistake to bye this product. It's a worst mobile phone ever, I request everybody to pls do not bye this mobile. And there is no replace and return policy for this product
Samsung please return my iska selfi camera bahut hi bakwas h game performance bhi achcha nahi Display colors bhi achche nahi please phone return karo mujhe m30 lena h
Camera is better than the phones available at a similar price range, battery is good, look is fine. Phone is smooth, but this phone is not for gaming. If you play play PUBG, you'll regret your buy.
Initially it was awesome but it asked for mobile software update frequently,  after my 1st software update split screen feature not available,  next camera picture quality gone worst, night mode photography gone worst,....even now it is asking for software update frequently...
Contrary to samsung mobiles, the quality of this phone is really bad. Speaker doesn't function well and therefore, the output voice is all cracked. Camera is also not as per expectations, or probably broken. Overall, I will suggest not to buy M series samsung phones.
Faulty product was sold to me by Amazon. Phone stopped work after one month. The mother board is faulty. Nothing works on the phone. Not sure how Amazon is allowing such products to be sold on it's website. Samsung franchise who repairs the mobile is completely useless. It's been 2 months. Phone is not fixed yet.
This phone like old Samsung not any new updating,  hanging problem and touch not working many time I am very disappointed with this phone I was think it's new series so now buy  but my very big mistake with Samsung,  and still only purchase 20 days .so please don't purchase m series phone it's very bad phone really.
This is such a useless product series from Samsung just to compete with other online sellers like Realme Redme 1+ etc. Bought this phone on release date in Feb 19. Camera like a toy. No clarity. After appx 1 month network IC struggling to catch network. ( Generic issue of Samsung phones).
The Samsung M20 mobile is showing problem in display from 6July 2019 which is getting more and more day by day.Please find enclosed the snaps of the display . The mobile is getting hanged and heated very frequently. And the problem started arising in notice from the 10th day.Tried to communicate the amazon customer care but no response.
Everything is fine except... problem with volume buttons..... which forwards videos for it's own.... some defective piece..AMAZON need to double verify BEFORE DELIVERY.  online shopping relies only based on trust... Amazon needs to retain its customers by improving quality and other issues.
Think twice if you want to buy this phone i have bought 2 phone  m30 nd m20 nd im suffering from bettry problm microphone porblem and they will not replace your phone if your are suffering from any problm they will give you refund nd waste your precious time so dont buy this series worst series ever.
I don't know why it was happen,just 6 days after charger not working,touch not working quickly,hanging problem,totally failure piece,but Amazon assistance wonderful,Amazon send another mobile within 3 days, I  don't want to say don't buy,because sometimes it happened. Not for all.
I bought this phone in the month of April but now few days ago suddenly it hangs up even after some time hanging is continued I gi to the Samsung care centre they told me that you connected your mobile with laptop that's why they are hanging even that the time of hanging its not connected toh my laptop
After using for 20 days now most of the time of charging it shows something “moisturiser error”. You have to fight for 4-5hrs with the phone and do something to get charged and sometime the phone gets slow !!! I even don’t play game still it does not work properly. Not a good phone at all.
Not had great experience this time phone had mic issues other person on the call does not able to hear my voice carefully . I expected good from Samsung like brand.
 After buying 15days phone was hang..screen toch is not working.Automatic file open,automatic call going,does not work any switched.so my suggestion dont buy this phone.i call customer Care replacement of my phone but they are not listening.my rating is minus one star.
Worst front camera i ever seen. Rest of ok
This is not good choice. Battery back up is very weak. It take hours to charge and very quickly discharge. Camera not so good and clear .Networking issues,hotspots  is very weak. You can find better phone with this cost. I would advise not to purchase this phone.
Better throw money in Dustin instead of buying this phone or any Samsung phone... quality of screen is so bad that it blended automatically and the person at service centre are say it was done by high pressure and do u think it is possible to give high pressure on edge of screen ... plz don't buy it
The features  are good...and I'm satisfied  with features.. But main thing is the HEAT'S more..... Sometimes I feel like  I can cook an " omlet "....you can't keep the m20 phone  in your  packet  or in hand ...it burns due to that Heat...  @Samsung , one fine day I will make video ..I.e  How to cook " omlet " on Samsung  Galaxy  M20.
Worst phone Why? Too much hang. This phone is not for Heating problem so much Camera the worstest Specially selfie camera it shrink your face "ch$@ya" camera.  3 things are good Big battery Fast Charing Big screen That's it.
Mobile box is sealed but how fingerprints are there on the screen and setup guide is not there  I felt like someone already used the phone
It's an average phn.Bcz not getting much camera quality and battery life.For me there is no warranty is getting bcz of damage of my phones touch.Waste of money.Frnds try to buy another series of sm and also be right for The models of redmi realme etc...For me it is an average phn...Thank you🤞
Battery life is much better, But its take too long time to charge full battery and I don't think so it is came with fast charging... Camera should be Improve.. its not good enough..
Hi Guys ..I got this m20 20 days back ... I am not satisfied with this .... basic functionality touch is not working  I can not return back this Amazon coz my return period over  Trusted brand like Samsung giving this kind of trouble to the customer... not at all expected
Dear samsung dont make this type of defective products ....and dont sell it to the person who has lack of time....
The product is very bulky and have heavy weights....pubg player can switch to redmi or realme...not good for pubg, if u r a samsung lover than u can buy this....back cover and screen guard makes the phone more bulky....camera is amazing, sound is also good but samsung can improve slimness of the phone and should provide metal body
Bought it a bit higher cost 10K could be 8K max. Overall Ok product and can be used in daily use with normal usage but for not heavy use.
1.heating problem  , 2- up and down light , 3- this phone will be charging hour 12 hour chargin problem , 4- network , problem , 5 -thisis wrost phone of samsung or amazon joint venture.
This phone has only one good feature that good battery life. Rest of the things below average. Specifically Camera and OS. Both are very bad and not even up to the mark. There are better options available in market with same price tag and much better and enhanced features.
Good Battery. Good Speed.  Freezing often after one month Fingerprint is good and extremely sensitive. But protect enabled there is  bug which ask for unlock twice
I am totally disappointed because I doesn't expected working in this mobile. I am more times suffered charging pin problem. I go to customer care he say Sir this mobile pin problem.so i changed set the new pin but he doesn't chained  just modify the old pin.so finally my frds becare full
No options in video camera,like slow motion and timelapse videos.Very sad!!front camera is very poor!Rest phone is very good!!!
Everything is good except the front camera. Front camera photos are automatically blurred by the system. Its hard to believe that its 8 MP camera. It seems to be a 2MP camera.
Our all phone is working well. Advertising pop up was problem while operating phone. But resolved after application setting. Worth buying this phone. I switched to Samsung after using other brand phone in same price range which will give problem near to one year of using.
front camera is below average. processing speed is also below average compared to other phone at this price range. Battery backup is very gud.
10990/- good phone by Samsung. Lil but lagging sometimes  but it's ok because  it's not  that much expensive  phone. Camera is good Performances I can play pubg in medium settings. Heating issue : phone heat hota hai but garmi bhi hai bahut. Overall am satisfied. After 4-5 months experience its lagging and hanging
Is that the phone gets heated up very fast to a level of 41°c and they will try their level best to do anything not to give a replacement and there is a decrease in battery life then when I phoned the Amazon center they said do this do that but I never got a replacement biggest mistake of my life
I baught a Samsung Galaxy M20 mobile phone  from Amazon  two days ago. I am not satisfied with phone because handset was very slow functioning and no any application installed in phones through plystore . But I want to say that handset looking is good and also back camera & battery black so good.
 Defective phone received... Big Manufacturing defect..found ... back camera lenses (one of dual camera big particales in side of it and not working as it should because of it )70-80% black screen show 20-30% visibility when start camera.  Samsung Galaxy M20 phone
Pro's: as all samsung mobiles are good in display, this one too having good TFT display. good battery. adoptive brightness is cool.  Con's: touch is slow, if you use tamper glass it is much more slower. battery charging time is more than 2hr 15mins.
Don't buy samsung m20. Its been 2days i am using this phone back cover is not good. Camera is ok. Facelock in worse. Samsung app lock is mussing. Much better to wait for Samsung m30.
Light and crispy, but I wish the implementàion could have been done better! Avoiding some major error like inability to copy file from SD to home screen. I am sure it will be fixed in future microcode update without which selling this mobile will be a hard task. I hope some one is listening!
Camera quality is too bad
1. Display 5/5 2. Battery 2/5( draining like water) 3. Front camera 4/5 4. Back camera 1/5 (this is not expected from samsung) 5. Type c  charging 3/5 (takes more than  2 hours to charge) There is no Image stabilizer on front camera, no led, no front flash. Think before you purchase.
Phone is not good, I used couple of days, batter life and  finger print is very very bad, after using 30min phone will be heated up, no vibration availability for wrong finger print.  But camera is good, compare to this honor 10 lite is best phone,
This is a total waste of money . The face recognition stop working after 1 day and continues to register your face again and again after each day otherwise "no match " ...I m just a regular user and cant get enough out of the features and dont suggest to buy it ...
Finger print reader is bad. It's been just 3 months that I bought it, and it doesn't works at times. Had to keep my finger on the sensor 4-5 times for it to read that. Needs big time improvement. Battery is good. Gives approx 24 hrs of backup at full charge. Rest everything is fine.
Camera quality is not so good. If you have used samsung premium phone earlier like S7 edge Note 9. Then you will hate M20 camera. Finger print sensor are not very fast.M20 is thick phone. Screen gives a decent display.Rest is your choice. If need any more info then I can reply.
I don't expect samsung has given this type of cheap phones.  Processior was worst.  Hanging issues should be there.  Overall very bad quality phone i ever purchased. When I opened the camera it was hanging when I was opened the application it was hanging.
Mobile is getting too much hanged even when unlocking the phone, went to Samsung customer service store and got to know that mobile toch is not working properly, first time Samsung disappoint me
I do not like it, specially the finger print censor and the entire experience as a whole. The wide angle camera and battery are good though.
Very bad experience with Samsung Galaxy M20. 4g ram and 64 gb is of no use , it's hang between the work , Many time in a day, and Battery is also very bad . Return policy also  very bad of this product
Purchase this phone because of Samsung brand name but not it is not worth it. There are several but big problems with this phone:  1. Phone keeps on restarting. 2. Charging issues. 3. Poor battery backup. 4. Front camera is not good. 5. Many useless pre installed Samsung Apps.
Charger was defective gone to service center. There they were asking mobile phone but thanks to Amazon they promised me to replace another phone.
That was the time when I had used Nokia 2 mp camera in 2004 was better than this m30s, same the flash of Nokia phone in 2004 was better than m30s, again battery life had no comparisons even this m30s has 6000mah battery,,never hang Nokia that time, n this 9.0 not fluent
The phone hangs alot, It has manufacturing defect. Sometimes the buttons are automatically getting pressed. Screen is fluctuating alot, even sometimes it stops scrolling down. The problem usually came after 1 month of its use. I have invested 11000 in this phone. I am really disappointed with the product.
I was unaware about the Regional Sim Lock while ordering M20 device, I travelled overseas a lot and now I feel like this is not useful for people who travel like me. Not happy with a purchase.
Utterly disappointed. I bought this phone only for calling purpose despite having 4gb ram the has become terribly slow after just on month only. No app installed. I should have bought some other phone
I was using iphone6s and moved to this phone...its slow, display  is bad... if you are already using a good phone but thinking of change keep yourself away from this.. am writing this review after using for few months
I bought the phone considering the 5000mAh battery. Its disgustingly weak and drains in short time doesn't survive aday
This phone hangs all the time.. finger print scanner only work 50℅times , heating issues are terrible. Phone heats up like a heater when charging. I feel like I have bought crap in rs11000. For all those who wants to buy it, guys u will regret it.
This is the first time when i got the defective piece from Amazon. The mic of the phone is not working. When someone calls he / she can here their own voice. When speaker is on then a Grrrrrrr sound is coming. Tried to replace but the replacement date got completed. Bad experience on my first buy of phone on amazon.
Samsung are loosing their Quality on Mobiles, no voice clarity, touch screen is misbehaving slow processor, Battery life is not upto 5000mh i think they installed 3000mh battery and restrecting us the Usage, i have lost the belief on samsung Product
I stopped using Samsung earlier because it used to hang a lot of times and I taught they must stabilised now and hence I bought this M20 mobile but again same problem i.e it hangs lot of times
Product has come with full of viruses and bugs. I was trying to get rid of it but couldn't. I thought there might be problem from applications and so I did factory reset twice but it didn't work. I visited nearby store as well, they told me if you have bought from Amazon then this is expected.
Avrage fingarprint reader...blureness in camera after zoom ...heat issue from top back side.. batery life 6-7 hours screen time.....lock button very hard...or double tap option not available in this model... LED flash temp increase so high ... After contacting customer care they say its normal
Poor quality. Charging port problem came up twice. Still making trips to service center. Amazon cannot help. Samsung will make you go to center repeatedly.
Update : Got a new device... and it's great... Got a defective device.. black spot on display.. Lol.. didn't expect this from SAMSUNG. How can SAMSUNG create such a mess.
It's not original  after using internet 10to 15 minute .. mobile full hot .. back side bettry full  hot ..  net using time  not working properly  mobile is lite hang  it's not good m 20 mobile
Pubg game sounds not audible.  Then internet speed compared to realme 2 pro  another mobile  very slow...game low brightness...then otherwise k  charging take more time  very slow charging...
Would have rated zero if available, worst product not able to open Sim tray and was advised to visit Samsung care. New product before using needed repair this is the reason Samsung will never excel in mid range phone
Very poor camera quality selfie and rear. Set is too heavy due to 5k battery. Handling is ofcourse  ot possible  for long hours. Network  connectivity  is poor too Call drop issue
When i bought it look good and nice to used bettary was to good but now today i feel that when i am going to charge my phone it charge very slow i was tried with another charger but same problem as i face.....  So i feel very disoppointment with this Samsung Brand......  I
Poor Camera,Ultra Slow processor and a substandard phone from samsung,please don't buy it,go for redmi etc in same range,total waste of 10k spent for its 3GB Ram version phone. Totally Unsatisfied,don't get attracted by its exterior,utimately its interior performance will make u feel cheated.
Battery life is very poor in my phone, It is 5000 Mah but not giving backup for single day, I am using only 3-4 call for 15-20 minutes only and also using very few apps. My friends have the same phone and they are getting Battery Life. I think I have received a defective product.
1. Battery is not giving performance of 5000 mAh, and getting heat. 2. Camera quality is very bad. 3. Touch is not good. Not responding some times. 4. Face unlock even with closed eyes. 5. Not a slim peace. The one and only attractive thing is full display.
Ok ok Not upto the mark only battery  good go for redmi note 7 it's much better than that I have not received jio double data benefits.
I given as a gift to my brother ,he open late on 17/05/2019 ,Touch screen very slow & some time touch screen not working , While playing any video's ,only audio getting no video on screen .Now return date also completed ,What can i do ,please do the needful .
Please never choose a smart phone from samsung. The display glass quality is very poor. It's broken completley even for a small fall from my hand. Also the mobile hangs a lot. Its hell like anything when I use the mobile. Please go for some other brand.
After using one month my review Battery is good by watching movies u can get 1day life. If u restart mobile it takes 12 minutes to get switch on v.bad. Hanging issue. Mobile looks good but heavy to carry.
The battery life is no doubt the best part about this phone I but even like all other features such a fast charging, wide lens camera, transition effects and many more. The infinity display supported by Dolby Atmos clear sound is good while streaming online video. At this price range it's worth every penny.
I like this Samsung M20 Mobile, battery life is good, but home connectivity, call performance is very very slow, hanging problem, camera quality is poor & finger print sensor very slow. Samsung company cheated customer. Pls do not buy this mobile.
Internet connectivity is worst. From next time i will never think about purchasing of Samsung mobiles. I was a fan of samsung, Erlier this phone,  I purchased ON8 galaxy, I think that phone was far better than M20 phone. Very worst experience with samsung.
Back panel Heating problem sometime touchpanel take auto command,Amazon will not respond  for return,they will tell  update your new phone or again factory reset your phone means you struggle with your new phone and feel disappointed and in this time  for return will crossed.
While initiating the device it's got hanged the device went switched off and didn't wake
Hello.... If you are searching for a budget gaming phone then it is not a right choice for you Better youcan go with realme 3 or any other but not this one or gaming it sucks a lot But if you are buying for a casuall and camera purposs then its all right
Very bad quality phone....display got broken in very light impact. Not only the display ,its motherboard also damaged. Unrepairable. The service centre guys told that this is a use and throw quality phone.
The phone is pretty average, but the real issue for me is after 20 days of using ,the charging time taken by phone made me shocked, only 10-12% per hour. kind advice , dont buy this model
Very poor product I have received defect item and it has touch screen issue , phone heating and low voice outcome on ear phones,even Amazon or technical team not support to replace the item numbers of times I have updated in the portal to return the item they are not willing to replace it.
I got this mobile on june. Phone is getting heated up when its in charge. Amazon delivery boy dropped the phone in steps while delivery. When i called up customer care for replacement they did not accept it . Now im facing lot of problem with this mobile. Charger cable is of worst quality.
I regret for buying this handset waste of 12K spent. The box does not have a brochure of headset also which is disgusting, Battery drains off very quickly even under minimal usage. Very very slow phone and not as expected from samsung. I feel to be cheated. Suggest not to go for this.
In  samsung m20 hanging is big problem. I am using this set since last 10 days but i found screen hang problem When i thought returnred this set my  returne window is closed now i feel very bad.
I bought M20 Samsung phone on 14 Feb 2019, and I really had worst experience when I started using this phone. Its hanging again n again. Its function is automatically working .. I don't whts wrong with this handset . Even after 64 GB memory , it's not working properly. Its service center is also worst.
i purchased the phone m20 when it was launched at rupees 11000 and after using more than 3 months i am writing this review. this is worst phone i ever used. it was not expected from brand samsung. quality performance features everything worst in this phone.
 I have ordered this mobile 7 months back. When I try to open any app display screen starts acting weirdly. Not able open any app please don’t buy this product. Also refund option is also not available.  Please provide customer care number
Over size. Due to full screen it is operating while handling and very delicate mobile. Suggested not to buy it. Display is very delicate.
The new phone had a buldge on the back side hence got replaced. The new handset also has a small buldge on the back side  the phone gets too hot while charging
I'm reviewing it after using it for 20 days. Camera is decent, fingerprint is not upto Mark, it lags a bit in comparison to some  other phones of same range. Battery is sufficient. Good for those who don't game  but not for mobile gamers. The build quality is good at its cost. Overall decent at its price.
Expected much better from Samsung but it disappointed. Using about 30-40 minutes it starts getting heat and camera quality not as expected. I suggest better not to buy. How fast the battery charge that's much fast the battery drains. Is there any solution about above problems. Plus help me
Sometimes  it's hang when I play game like Subway sub, ninja pub etc.  Picture  quality, battery  life are awesome TWO LTE Slot + memory  card is very useful  Verdict : For normal use, you can buy It. If u want to  play a game then this phone  is  not quality
I purchased phone on 2nd May..  Within just 4 months motherboard short.. It's really disappointing.. Screen sometimes gets stuck and doesn't respond.. From the beginning I have reservations towards samsung phones having experienced in past but i hoped an improvement which is yet to come..
I bought Samsung m20 4gb variant on the first day of the sale blindly. After one week I'm experiencing ghost touch problems it makes me sooo irritate ...please anyone help me to solve the problem
WORST EXPERIENCE OF A SAMSUNG LOVER. SAMSUNG IS RUINED. THE NEW M 30 HANGS FROM THE 1ST DAY. I HAVE GOT REPLACEMENT OF NEW PHONE FROM AMAZON AFTER A LONG TUG OF WAR. NEVER BUY SAMSUNG.  HOW DO YOU FEEL WHEN YOUR 140000/- PHONE HANGS FROM THE VERY 1ST DAY?????
Heating issue while charging and not able to make whatsapp vedio calls as mic is not working.  Informed to amazon but they said this is samsung issue.  Samsang guy come and said every thing is ok,  i don't know how as he instructed to do not talk just go and come.
This product are not screen shot options thye are side batons are use . Qwikball options is not available this product. But this are veri nice any smartphone. This fingerprint. And face lock are veri secured. Good product are semy smartphone. Good Faucher.
Please don't  Buy this Phone This phone have so much problem like Some times Battery  fully charged with in 2 hours but some time it takes more then 5 hour, Game experience  is very poor when you are playing PUBG Game laging very badly And Your screen  will Work Automatically like Automatic Fire .😭😭
Phone gets hanging,auto writing ,stuck at times..Don't know what to do,i had a trust on this phone..Even my return time got over..I thought it wil be ok after a software update..
Screen broke and replacement cost is equal to mobile price in official Samsung service center...Avoid purchasing this phone
Worst phone ever..The phone gets hang n number of times in an hour..nothing works properly..the battery backup is worst..Not at all worth it and not even these people get it return..full wastage of money..I had gifted it to my father..and I regret about the decision of choosing Samsung
Don't buy Samsung M20. It has majot signal issue. Even you couldn't get single line network at the same time other phones are getting full 5 lines network. Data speed is very slow very rare you get 4G speed. My sincere advise to the buyers don't waste your money buying this product.
Screen Flickring within 10 days of uses.. Need return policy
Overall device is good. But it has heating issues under normal usage. My Redmi note 5 did not have this problem. Thankfully i am not a gamer. Battery backup is solid and fast charge is a welcome move. Device charges in 2.5hrs from 0 to 100. Amazons delivery was fast and amazing. This device deserves 2.5stars out of 5.
Samsung M20 Is not a smoothly mobile. application not working properly and camera quality is also poor
The worst phone by Samsung the charger and the cable both not working after 1 month of use of the phone some time the battery work for 2 days and some time it work for 1 day only the speed of internet occur fast in sim 1  slot and slow in sim 2 slot .I think i have get defective handset
Don't fall into trap, go for Redmi 7 or Real me 3 pro, it's a money waisting phone, over heating lagging as always Samsung does, 3rd class camera, Below average body and many more issues. So, Money is precious, think properly and decide where to invest.
Not worth at all..its been a week i am using it and it hangs alot.. cant download and use many apps(i hardly have 7 new apps )..only the battery is good thats all..
TRAVELLED NEXT DAY OUT OF INDIA COULD NOT USE SIM CARD , WHEN INSERTED INDIAS SIM CARD IT WORKS . SCREEN NOT AS EXPECTED . PHONE IS QUITE SLOW . DO NOT RECOMMEND TO YOUNGSTERS . IF FOR PARENTS ITS PERFECT PHONE
Never ever buy Samsung smart phone totally disgusting. Some times touch stops working sometime its own charger doesn't support charging. And if phone doesn't hang how it will called Samsung. Go and buy mi etc..etc.. in same price you will get a quality handset with better features
The product is not good.. actually when I on the phone the display was not good😒 and I can see some damages over the phone. i thought it good to buy in Amazon but in my case they didn't even check the product. I have asked for replacement but still they are processing the replacement.
This product only works with Indian SIM card. Unfortunately this information is not mentioned any where in the product page: information. Wanted to use this phone for International usage. Found out about it too late!!!!
Very bad phone because of hanging issue & Amazon give not replace facilty . I talk to amazon technicians bt no resolution.
The display quality is poor, as well as the screen cannot go without a proper screenguard. Camera is just hopeless, even with multiple cams it won't give you the proper expected quality pics. The only positive thing is the massive 5000 battery capacity.
fell down from 1 feet height and the acclaimed gorrila glass screen shattered to pieces 5 days after purchase. replacement cost is 4500. worst product experience ever
Worst product from samsung ever... Hanh issue touch issue did factory reset many times but the problem persists earlier also i had asked for one replacement that time also i wanted refund but company policy made me replace not refund...  Better not buy any samsung phones worst mobile ever
Fingerprint reader takes almost a sec, but works every time. Camera quality okay for the price. Battery sucks. Processor is okay for the price, better ones available for the same price.
Fingerprint sensor is not as much quick accessible...camera quality is good but getting blur at left corner of bottom which effects on picture captured...battery life is good but not as expected to its capacity of 5000MAH and phone and charger both are getting heated when on charging mode.
No LTE. Slowest phone ever. One drop and the screen cracks. Waste of money even if they are selling it cheaper. Don't go for this.
I got this product with pack opened from amazon delivery. After that i complained to Amazon complaint cell, they simply said if the product is unbroken just use it. I just got this kinda weird reply. After using nearly one month this phone is hanging little bit.
Looks amazing only issue with ads with Samsung S/w. Tried to disable but still getting on screen and while perform any action. Though it came down with some setting changes but still annoying 😡😡 .. I don't see these ads on my other two smart phone from different brands.
Don't buy this mobile.it drops signals frequently .I tried with all top networks  the problem  is the same slow internet. I visited  Samsung  service  centre they said they will be looking  into it .if problem  continues. Worst phone when signals are considered.network frequency is very poor.i think they should fix with an update.
With the Samsung flagship, this model really disappointing me. Specifically it's body and finishing of the body is totally pathetic. Ohhh one more thing is hanging issue. If Samsung wants to get back the market from others they have to do a lot of improvement.
Really sorry to say that the phone has not fallen down and the display got damaged and even when I am calling the other end people not able to listen my voice I have to put it on the speakers and talk. Next time I have to think before any purchase from Amazon.
Don't buy..battery life ok camera was not bad But always mobile strucks  we can't  even see any of options if u try to reboot it. It takes moretime Better not to buy this
If u think to purchase then pls dont. Sometimes its not working properly and there were so many issues created randomly..  its gonna hang.. n so many issues. Cant describe. When i purchased this n till now i m gonna facing the problem n not satisfying this. Its btr to dont purchase..
Pros  Cost Brand Battery Fast charge  Cons  Touch issue Hanging problem Not really infinity display Audio Jack issue Signal issue  Regretting not buying moto x4 in same price with 2x better specs....😔😖😤😫🤬
The brightness many times suddenly gets low. Many app hangs as this processor is very bad compared to snapdragon. Touch is so ridiculous that it stop detecting and gets started only after locking and unlocking the phone. Pure recomendation is no buy, agar fir bhi chahiye to mujhse le lo
The touch is so irresponsive.  It's not working even after pressing hard. When I asked for a replacement, they don't take seriously, just ask to install some app and nothing happens.. Won't buy anything from Amazon ever again...
After using phone for nearly 2 months, I have observed that if you watch videos consistently for 30 mins or above the phone starts to hang, I will not recommend this phone to anyone. Buy only, if you do not watch videos or play any games. Picture quality is ok.
The camera quality is pathetic, others brands have beaten this product in every aspect. Even after 2 years of using Motorola G4, I have not faced the 'Hang' issue, but with this mobile it has started after 1 month of using. Don't waste money on this one.
It's TRUE that this phone is looking ugly and so heavy weight. And not performing well. M series phone online wale andhe logo ko sidha sidha 'C' bana raha hai. Just buy A series phone if you want buy only Samsung phone.
The touch is not responding sometimes. Camera is average but the wide angle one is awesome. Phone weights a little heavy owning to massive battery. A hell lot of advertisements are appearing from samsung on the lock screen which is annoying. Go for it only if you are not heavy. user
I am suffering from battery or charger issues...from past 2-3 month I am unble to charge my phone properly...and since today morning my phone was switched off and till now I am unble to charge it I had tried many time but till now I am unable to charge it...please suggest what I do?
Display not working properly it's work like ghost running Battery is 5000 mh but it's not stand for even 1 day Screensaver camera music are awesome. No earphone no hitting much
Just started using and it's taking lot of time for downloading apps very slow phone  4gb ram is not even working like 2gb...no charger in the box no head phones...just device with a plastic cover wrapped.
Reason for one star is not for the phone..but the box seal was open when it was delivered..phone is working fine.Bought it for my mother, camera is ok, speed and screen clarity is good..But will not order phones from Amazon as box seal was open ..
Battery life and charging rate is very good but mobile changed many times in a day and screen up and down like picture vibrate. I didn't used finger print so I can't give any comment about them. Overall not up to expectations.
I bought this 15 days ago.  My face recorganization hasn't been working..and suddenly my mobile speaker stopped working properly and unable to listen the other callers voice. Very very worst product from amazon and Samsung... I wasted my money pls don't buy this mobile  fully failured product...
It has very slow fingerprint sensor and face unlock. Most of the time it doesn't even recognize my face . And fingerprint sensor also unlocks phone after trying 4-5 times But it has a good battery backup Also it has a lower camera quality
Dont buy this phone. Amazon doesnt take return in case u dont like. Screen brightness is worse.
Like Phone battery is long lasting Screen is smooth Primary Camara is good Fast charging so good  Dislike Fingerprint does not work properly sometimes. Phone heats on long video play on internet Front camera quality is not up to the mark
after using 2 to 3 days i observed touch is not working properly, i complaint to amazon but they suggested me to format the phone once, then i did the same but after 20 days its touch is not working properly and have hanging issue. Don't buy SAMSUNG brand strongly recommended.
I had problem in my mobile Samsung M20 then i visit samsung service centre vikas marg, preet vihar, Literally No one listens u, They said ur mobile was out of warranty, and i hav purchased this 2months before. No one listen to u, And I Threw this Bludy mobile.
After using MI Note 5 I switched to Samsung but to be very honest it was my big mistake. Those who are using MI or other brands please don't buy this phone. Not a single thing on this phone runs properly.  Very slow response. Camera is worst. Completely waste of money.
Hey battery charging is very bad it is not  fast charger it is  slow charger I I charged at 12:30 . p.m. at 28% after 3  and half hours it's charged was 80%
One of the worst phone I have ever seen it is getting hang many times I went to store they said will upgrade the software. But the problem remains the same
Do not buy this phone please. When you get a call screen won't switch on but you get the ring, when you try to disconnect the call, it won't even disconnect soon. Such a annoying thing it is when we are in urgent phone doesn't responds.
Hanging problem, internet not working properly, bad quality camera. Please don't buy this phone.
Samsung galaxy m20, the mobile which I regret buying. The specs of the mobile is decent. But too many software issues. Hangs all the time. Camera is very bad. Never will I buy a Samsung again.  Update : Software bugs seems to be fixed after several updates.
Got this product in offer with exchange of old phone for Rs 8300.. slightly disappointed when compared the same with my friend.. as my display was little faded... camera clarity though dull... wondered how the same phone varies .... battery was excellent....
I like the camera. Battery backup is average. Sound quality is pretty good. Network may let you struggling sometime. Overall average phone in this price range. Samsung needs to improve in this segment.
It's awful.System performance is dull.Its very slow.Camera also not good. Suggesting, go for other brands. At least don't purchase M20
The charger cable provided with this purchase is very small. you have to struggle to find the closest gap between the power socket and the resting place for the phone.  Touch on this phone is not that great. you have to press little hard to move between screens & icons.
My mobile is getting switched off automatically and I am unable to switch on by using ON button I should press both buttons (power button and volume button)and recently while using FB app the mobile automatically switched off with some sound. Kindly replace my handset
Why its locked to indian Network only??? I can not use Abroad, what is this useless trick by Samsung, why You are doing this, It was not mentioned while advertising!!!!! I am not happy at all !!!!! Though Battery life is good, Camera is average.... not up to Samsungs earlier Quality....
I bought black color got blue. Tried exchanging amazon respond was worse to it.i brought this phone for its picture capturing highlights. But it didn't reached my expectation. It only works best in sunlight. Battery is good.
Display,  Audio and Battery is so good. Camera is OK. Not suitable for gamers, very bad performance in games. Those who want much battery life & enjoy music or watch anything can take this. Those who want to play games ,plz dont buy it.
Guys... Pls don't buy this phone... I have received a faulty one then they replaced it... Post which after 10months....now I am facing display problem, camera issue..and much more..once again I would like to say.. Pls don't buy or even consider Samsung M series mobiles......
Worst mobile ever purchased. Bought it with lot of expectations from Samsung as a huge brand. But I think Samsung is not concerned about its brand image by making such products. Apart from long lasting battery life, nothing is appreciable. My old mobile was much better than this.
Cant accpet this as worst product ever purchased from Amazon.. I gifted this phone to my brother but after 3 months of use there was an technical problem which was soon resolved by samsung CC but just after few months again same problem occurred..
Finger print sensor was not responding well and it stopped working after 1 month of purchase. Problem of phone hanging is inherent / fundamental with Samsung. Battery life is excellent and camera quality is decent.
Samsung's take at budget phones screams poor software ui. The camera is laggy and software freezes from time to time.
You can get pros every where so i am talking about -ve of the device. 1 This device is not having secure folder and another lock app. 2 Not supporting the knox securities. 3 Keybord is less responsive & hanging very frequntly.
Got fault peace In the first time had to return and then I got the new one which is working fine  Great battery life  No a heavy gaming phone
Within 15 days of using the phone, the display got spoiled. It did not fall nor was dropped in water then too the display is behaving as in the picture and is increasing gradually. Very disappointed. After replacing it with a new original display it got spoiled again within a month.
This phone has quite dull prospects for the price, back panel feels cheap, cameras are not upto the mark, PUBG can be played on low resolution, Only good thing about this phone is it's battery, in fact, it is great, Samsung has tried taking on Xiaomi but it has failed miserably.
Camera quality is very poor. Nothing to say about it. Battery life is one day for a new phone of average use without gaming. As processor is not so smart and intelligent it consumes more battery. This phone come below realme etc. in this segment
Finger sensor and face recognition doesn't work and when it works, it takes forever to get unlocked. Camera quality is poor. Network connectivity is poor.  Worst device by Samsung. Regret buying it.
The screen is not working properly.sometimes it is not responding.this types of irregularities has been started just after 15 days of buying this mobile. So pls replace this.
I have purchased this Samsung Galaxy M20 day one when its released in amazon sale, not even 20 days its mobile software getting hag every 5 minutes. felt very bad for untrustable product.
Please don't buy any M series mobile. It had been 6months i am using M20. Screen get start working itself without any touch. Touch even doesn' respond sometimes or lag and then we have to lock &unlock to use properly. Fingerprint response is very bad. ITS JUST WASTE OF MONEY TO BUY SAMSUNG M SERIES.
Battery doesn't last one whole day even..not a patch on mimax 2 with lesser battery capacity
Doesn't recognise my face or finger prints while unlocking the mobile. Camera is okay but not good in night. I wouldn't recommend it to buy rather go with keypad phones coz in the end you just gonna pick and end calls with this mobile
This is the worst mobile, don't take this phone even for free.... I trusted the brand and bought it in first auction without going with user reviews, but definitely this is the worst phone I have ever used, Samsung low budget phones are worst,
Not a good phone, in 2nd week of purchase problem have started.. automatically keypad types, different apps open together, every time such problem occurs, restart is required
Network signal was bad when compared to my previous phone infocus turbo five plus. Call is not displaying quickly while receiving and dialing after 2 or 3 seconds it displays. Battery is not good as expected being 5000mah I need to keep charging every day.
 Very Poor MOBILE Touch Automatic Work And visit service Centre 3 Times but problem not solve and Samsung care told me software problem... very disappointed ☹️☹️☹️☹️😢😢please don't buy this mobile... very worst mobile and Samsung service centre
Worst mobile ever....worst quality in camera and external body too please dont buy this product i have bought it on the first day of launching...its having poor display and poor camera samsung is waste brand after the galaxy s brand
like only camera but I don't like changing feature face recognition fingerprints reader. some time when mobiles are going of then can't charge and only one things is to be show on the display that moisture has been dedicated and some times no charge is supported....
It's an worest mobile I dint like its camara quality very bad and live focus not clear worest product don't buy its ha less speed but battery is better
I bought this phone because its truly branded phone and i can believe them and its really good phone to other phone with this price and better facilities. Sound quality is good and batter big and very fast charging with type C cable with 2.0A travel adopter.Thank you Samsung
Not good for this price as i hoped. Camera is average, sound is also not too good. Backside is also very slippery. Jack of the charging is not working. Issues with internet services
It was the worst product of my life. Even not able to installed all apps. Hanging issue is lots of there in mobile.. Change this phone..it's not acceptable.. If you don't have trust..i want you to keep this phone with you for one day. Then share the feedback with me.
Worst phone ever used. Earpiece sound quality is worst when compared to other phones(keypad phones give better sound quality) . This phone won't catch network. Moreover it is heavy. Please don't buy this phone. Samsung has built a phone with cheap quality for affordable price.
My experience is totally bad overall  -first the build quality is so cheap it totally bends/ scratches....and  i do not recommend this phone not to anyone and i think if I’m not wrong the whole m series is made of carbon fibre plastic ,I recommend A series rather than m series
Worst phone ever.. not worth of it buying ... Who ever is buying please don't buy
Battery life is so so Camera quality is very poor Poor quality of blur live focus is only for name
Don't buy this Samsung m20 b coz this modal front camera is captured photo blur I was go Samsung service center dadar and he changed front camera but still this problem not resolved after 3 month use his charging problem
Very bad product and very slow . One of the worst product of samsung. Average looking and very bad camera. Very slow fingerprint reader. Only thing is good ....Battery life. It's obvious when every thing will  slow then battery optimization will be slow too.
Other then its overheating problem it ok. Most of the time charging gets stuck on 85/86% doesnot charge further n then show overheated, and then cant get access to any of d apps. So overall its major  problem is overheating. Pls. Tell d company to resolve our problem
Phone is just ok. Nothing great. It slows down and gets stuck with fast activity. Problem with keypad too. Camera quality sucks. It is worst than a basic camera phone. It just makes you ugly in pictures. Selfie is horrible. I would not recommend anyone this phone.
In the first month itself the phone was getting heated and was used to switch off and there was battery discharge going around during this time and when I consulted the Samsung care they said display issues and replaced it under warranty .. will post another review afterwards
Good budget phone, Battery backup is excellent, Call quality and the speaker is average not so loud, Camera wide angle is New and Awesome feature but image quality is not so good.
I was little disappointed on camera section, both cameras are not good when compare to other mobiles in this price category, indoor shots are very dull and not sharp, in wide angle image quality is little low...except this mobile is very good...
I am personally using this mobile since last 3 months. It was performing well. 2 days before Suddenly its display got blurry. However, There is no impact/ damage or any thing happened with mobile. Very bad experience. Will not suggest to buy.
Phone is fine. Autocall record feature works well sometimes doesn't work. otherside audio not recording. Samsung has to check.  Rest all features are ok. not much to complain.
Hey its very sad in formed u that i buy this on 8 Feb after month i face problem with touch screen and also sim card issue to i cant find network better then other its worst series of M20 u can buy much better in same prize on others don't wast money on this find better more
It is purely fake material.please don't purchase. When opened package, the left corner was one red colour dot was found,and it was developped  within 2months.Now samsung service wants Rs.4500/- for replacing touch pad..
Don't buy this phone guys, the phone is very good performance is also nice but what's the use when your is broken after fall from 2 feet. The display material is not even gorilla glass and extremely delicate, my screen is broken after very short fall.
This handset is one of the best smartphones having enormous battery backup upto 1.5days..screen look and fingerprints scanner is quite good enough..V like shape of front camera is just look like Vivo v 11..
Very hang product... I think yhe seller has giver duplicate product. By the iser bymistakely fallen and the screen broken down not recognise anything
Problems have started to occur. Internet is very slow though it shows 4g. Slow performance and heating issues. Please read up on phone thoroughly before buying.
Product starts to hangs after 2 days of being unboxed. Highly unsatisfactory functioning.
Yesterday i received a Samsung M20 4GB /64 GB Mobile. All are ok Except charging and Over Heating.  you can not talk by keeping it on your ear. so can amazon tell ..how can i replace this item or purchase other item with payment settlement with in minimum time.. Most Urgent..
I payed Samsung M20 there have some Software issues and Physical damage. I want to Samsung service centre the service engineer told me you pay Amazon You need to pay and service I told you this is still warranty there mention if you buy Amazon we cannot service
I have purchase Samsung M20 4gb ram only one month before on 15th July.But this new mobile have started hanging and display is showing dark line when I used mobile and also one black spot is shows permanently.Finally I want to replace my mobile. What I have to please guide
Dear all please please please don't buy this product..(Samsung M20) After 2 month screen is broken...very bad quality of display..broke from falling 2 feet....*Display repairing charges 4500 Rs. Half price of mobile* ..No warranty/Guarantee...  pls pls pls don't buy this..
It's only one month purchasing Samsung M20 phone. There is a line mark on the screen. It is not a physical damage. I don't have option for replacement on Amazon. Kindly need help on this. I had lot of hope on Samsung phones so I bought it. Kindly give some useful solution.
Samsung M20 is not as Mi or other devices.. It's slow in the start and camera quality not satisfiction than others phone.. And many features not available this phone, just like app clone, internal security system e.t.c So i don't satisfied from this phone...
I purchased 2 M20.but M20 ocean blue sometimes get hanged and sometimes automatically taps on screen and runs sevral apps automatically, like automatically types msg on watsapp and send it, runs google search automatically.i trust samsung n amazon and hope they will contact me soon.
Avon mobile touch quality is very good, camera is average,  battery backup is very big almost 1.5day battery backup on average use, look of mobile is very nice, from my point of view in this price m20 is best. Only one fault it's weight is heavy. This very good job by samsung
Worst phone ever, except the battery backup nothing is good at all. The screen is so delicate it broke on a single drop from a 3 feet height even with protection.
Worst phone to buy compared  to other phones at same price ,and amazon donot  offer u a return . So if ur a frequent uses donot buy this product
Not a good choice handset.. other mobile manufacturers are far better than Samsung.  I believed in Samsung but I was wrong. Finger print sensor are freezing and processor is very slow. Need to improve network stability.
it is hanging a lot,front camera is worst . no clear picture .please dont buy this stupid phone.Instead of this buy redmi phone they are far better than this phone.
I tried to charge this mobile....but it was not responding....i raised compliants to amezon about phone....they are not responding.......do not go to this mobile purchase .....no body not responce....
Horrible phone..  the case is very cheap like plastic.the screen is very delicate and small drop led to major scratches. Also the selfie camera gives blurry pictures. Sensors are really bad. Also te sound volume is very low.. only positive is full screen display and battery life.
Within a month after buying the phone,  white vertical lines appeared all over. They wouldn't go away. Should have steered clear of Samsung given that their phones have display issues. Definitely my last Samsung.  Rubbish quality.
Look good Battery ok Camera not satisfied even compared j7 After one month I fed up with this mal operations, display running automatically and finally stuck up
I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT ON 21 FEBRUARY 2019. THE PRODUCT IS GOOD BUT SINCE LAST 3-4 DAYS ITS GETTING HEATED UP WHILE CHARGING. SO NOW WHAT TO DO? PLEASE CALL ME
this phone is having issues with the network strength while others with same network properly working this phone is all the time showing not registered on network , continuously facing the issue now going to samsung gallery , its a waste of money .
There is problem in processing... Suddenly stops all operations n goes in sleep mode... Keypad functions erroneously... Automatically starts erasing whatever I type...Very strange...
Given 3 star because of processing speed. Not a single app installed in mobile and phone processing speed is pathetic even on dialling a call. Expecting from buyers to write correct reviews.
The 32GB phone with 3 GB RAM has already reserved 10GB storage for system..that's really weird..
Very poor mobile,I purchase for my mom ,for birthday ,mom not use the mobile 1week after that she change the sim use the mobile ,mobile is very slow camera is frezz ,mom not told that problem ,now only she told me but return policy is finish ,what can I do...
I m not satisfied
It's very worst segment of Samsung.. No camera quality, no speed, especially I open any apps it takes more time in new phone.. Rely bad experience with Samsung.....
Video recording observed vertical background lines, checked in friends M20 phone also same issue seen. Purchased this phone during Prime day sales.
Problem with when charging time hanging and touch pad not working. Two time engineer visited,After Replaced mobile again same problem. customer care team want to send technician. 10 Days already  done ... Not refunding my payment....
Samsung galaxy M20 (3gb + 32gb) hangs up 2 or 3 times a day though there are more than 15gb free in internal storage. Other quality is good.
The phone is below  standard  on all the measures.. be it camera, sound quality, touch, fingerprint reader
This mobile worth for money after Tow month speaker is not working properly I claim the warranty in Samsung services center the repair the phone in free of cost
I  did not like figerprint sensor it is bad... Battery durability is awesome . I am nt that satisfied  with the front camera.. And charging is not fast.. It almost takes 1:45 hours..to refill itself## unlike the vooc chargers And face unlock is very bad  ..
It is taking 30 mins to get charged 1%.Network issues, sometimes getting blank.Phone get blackout and nothing works.Very bad experience with the brand like Samsung.
This is completly a bogus product. I have nothing but repenting after purchasing it. The system is not working properly. As per company product is equipped with 15w type c charger but it is taking more that 3 hours to full charge. This shakes the brand image of samsung.
battery is good for first 6 months worst product from Samsung M20 never try to buy this mobile worst camera worst mobile body ( total plastic) waste of money dont buy samsung cheated us i have very dad opinion on Samsung you samsungm20
Samsung Galaxy M20 is a worst product. While receiving calls the screen becomes dark and gets locked. The same thing happens when u call someone. Often hangs. Touch screen is not good. Overall it's waste of money. I am searching for samsung authorised centre for repair.
I bought M20 only for its 4gb ram.But the inbuilt apps consume 3 gb and only 1 gb left. Then its speed is equivalent to my old  vivo 1gb ram mobile
I'm writing this review after using this phone for 2 months.  Overall good phone. All other features are upto date and very good. But major flaw is it's battery. It's not getting recharged quickly, takes more than 4 hours to charge fully. This is not at all acceptable.
Camera quality is poor..... It gets open without finger print when locked just a min ago... It hangs too much within just 3months it started to hang
The processor is for name sake , the mobile lag as like all samsung mobile , I have bought this phone for battery backup but its ok. The features offered in this mobile is very less as compared to other mobile's of same price range. Don't buy unless you are a Samsung fan.
Poor Camera quality , front camera is totally waste and lagging in performance during multitasking
Network for internet is very Bàd ,Here Showing net speed 600 kbps whichever  available  data network  3 MBPS Showing in other phone tested in same location and same network.
Sim 2 not working properly voice is very low ...waste of money..Dont  buy In Amazon  no support properly for defect phones..
Fingerprint sensor is good but not the Samsung lable, it's not responding thoroughly. Camera are not as powerful as they say, its capturing very average quality pics. The best thing about the smartphone is its battery. Rally a good one.
This phone has very poor fingerprint reader, average touch screen but camera is good as well as battery life. Most annoying thing in this phone is it pops up so many advertisements when unlocking the phone inspite of blocking those from settings.
Best mobile that gives me great fade photoes and heat at temp that could use to press clothes brilient processor sometimes i play pubg and press home button then pubg photo  is obtain at home screen so that i did not want to choose walpaper it take own the best phone under 13000
Very disappointing mobile, I expected very high from this mobile,the camera quality is average, fingerprint sensor is worst, for battery life I would prefer iPhone instead of this,not at all for gaming, a big mistake buying this mobile
Overheating while using Mobil data.but Amazon customer care analysed phone through an app and told, 38 degrees are acceptable and. Above 49 is eligible to return. I am not able to hold Mobile while using Mobil data.
Very good phone from samsung Things liked very much are Battery life Daylight camera photos Samsung display  Things that did not like Low light camera quality is not so good. Samsung default home launcher behaves laggy sometimes.
Please don't buy this series phone.  It will not met ur expectations if u re expecting good with as and anroid phone.  Came quality is poor plastic body is there. No doubt battery life is amazing.  But only battery is not sufficient for using a smart phone.
Awesome phone, great battery ..nice camera , back camera is more powerful and capture delicious pictures. fron camera is little disappointing...!
Worst phone compared to other brand. It has 4gb ram but lags plying videos, games like a phone from a decade ago. Has a very poor performence . Touch sensitivity  is also wierd ,
Don't buy this phone , hanggin too much . Voice quality is not good. Automatically contact number is deteted even you saved in gmail account. Over all this product is not preferable  as per samsung brand name.
Picture quality is not good & connectivity is very  bad
It's a good phone. Fingerprint reader, camera quality are very good only that the battery is not all that strong as I expected. Also it produce more heat when used for longer hours. Apart from that everything about the phone is great.
So much hanging problems I have already rebooted my phone 3 times and now I want to sell it on OLX at just rupees 7000 only so my suggestion is only that don't purchase it I already suffered heavy losses and I don't want you to suffer
Useless phone. Facing Display and Fingerprint sensor problem after 1 month of purchase. Cheap quality. This is Unexpected. Not expected such type of cheap quality product from samsung. Totally Useless nd Waste of money.
Screen stated moving itself, touch works without touching,hanging, fingerprint sensor never open before 3-4 attemp, camera quality is not upto mark. Overall  performance is very bad. Complained  about it to amazon but they have still not taken any action to return it.
This is Samsung's worst mobile I have ever used.what the f....K this is mobile that Samsung introduced very poor performance....Friends don't buy I am seriously not suggesting this mobile...even small games not working properly...don't buy it.. go for high quality....
Its neutral with low budget and medium quality phone. Thinking about camera doesn't give u a slow motion. Large bulky data consuming apps like tiktok doesn't work properly in phone though have great 3 or 4 GB RAM. SUGGESTION IS YOURS. Though it's a good quality phone.
Look wise - OK Battery - OK Display - Average Front camera - Worst (Bulers the photo) Rear camera - OK Performance - OK  Not recommended for heavy game users and selfie maniac 👎
Nice phone.gd quality camera and battery also.Thanks to Amazon.i bought freedom sale on Amazon.phone diaply delay to work. Not happy for this phone purchase many problem issue in this phone
Looks like a reused unit has been stuffed into the box by tearing it partially, box is damaged at both the ends where the box opens, did not expect such product from samsung and amazon. Very dissapointed.
Call/Phone and Camera Menu hangs again and again you need to restart the phone to fix it.
Phone hang so much. If u want ur phone work properly you have clean the ram 5-6 time in a day or sometimes reboot. Processor is worst. Fingerprint reader is not up to the mark. Camera quality is average. Bty life is good, but what it worth if the processing of the phone is too slow.
Mobile has too much heating problem and it's not splash proof front camera images are so dull.  If you order it from Amazon you can't return it unless it have a big issue
Motherboard problem. Defective phones selling online. The phone is Bent slightly. No response from Samsung customer care since it was bought online. No return or exchange also available. We have not used the phone at all. The phone looks slightly identical bent.
This phone has a manufacturing defect... The phone restarts automatically and touch not working after seven days of usage... The manufacturing defect issue has been seen many devices as told by the service provider...
camera quality very low...in night very poor quality of camera....... Fingerprint reader are very slow.....and bettery life are very good ......plz work it on fingerprint reader and camera quality....so customer can use easly....and please give latest update on phone
Hi , i am facing issue with the charging adapter , its only been less than a month and the adapter has stopped working i have to use my spare adapter to charge my phone . Please let me know where can i get the faulty adapter replaced
Opened new piece and found that auto brightness  function  is not working.
Except for Brand Name, everything is substandard. Battery dies fast. Phone heats up often with auto shutdown of apps. Hangs frequently. Sheer waste of money. Worse than unbranded chinese phones. Sheer waste of money
Touch is very gud.. camera is also gud... only problm is.. it takes lot of time in charging.. although it has fast charger
This is one of the whrost phone front camera quality pathetic face unlock most the time fails I bought this phn just because of battery but it is also bad full charged battery automatically discharged in 12 to 18 hours plz don’t buy they don’t provide return policy
Camera and battery is good.. But performance and touch is very slow.. because of performance issues I am not buying Samsung low cost mobiles. Recent years low cost mobiles are giving very good performance now a days. But Samsung failed to give users that performance
please kindly exchange my product od samsung glaxy m20 (ocean Blue 4 + 64 GB which was order by 28th May 2019. So the mobile was totally not working and exchage my mobile my order no. 407-9139138-1226 713. any further details please contact my mobile. no 9845001044.
We are not satisfied with the working of the mobile . Sometimes back button disappears.Sometimes we don't get call, , Sometimes it goes into silence.User is a senior citizen.She cannot handle these things.Now I feel I have done mistake selecting a mobile from Amazon
The product did not last for more than 2months. Battery got drained up and phone refused to start. Even after repairing it did not improve. We are thinking of getting it replaced as its still under warranty period.
Camera very bad. FFace detection not at all good. Didn't expect this from Samsung.
If you are looking for phone  good camera don't buy this because quality of front camera pictures is very poor. There is also lagging problem, so definitely this phone should be bad choice for gamers. Display resolution is better, battery life is better.
Samsung using the cheap material for budget phones(processor ,camera lens, display ,shortage of Samsung security apps("Samsung Knox") , Samsung not learn competition with other companies,. I am a Samsung fan but all new budget phones are disappointed 😒.
The product is very much satisfied for this subject but the face recognization is very slow and phone usage is also little slower. Anyway satisfied for my money.Sometimes fingerprint is not working properly and performance is slower after an update.
I dnt like at all.i have issue of speaker and heating so i had replace and second peice was same.dnt buy it..poor quality
I'm using it for two months. Battery , camera performance average. Major con with mobile is always hanging and switching off automatically. Disgusted with the product. Poor quality mobile In this range.
The phone keeps on hanging.. Go for MI in this range.. It was a mistake done by me going towards brand.. Samsung is going worse day by day..  I asked for replacement after doing hard reset and Factory reset.. now asking to download app and different procedure.. Worst Service
Everything is fine but it have network issue. Its network goes soon its network frequency is low . Its network gone in low network area , whether other mobiles still have. Disappointed, Samsung should look at this issue.
Worst Mobile battery hitting temperature is very high,in charging & in even in calling ,even I want to replace or return the mobile but Amazon customer care not support to us ,feedback is very worst from last 3days (sirf nachare hai ) Amazonwale
Yesterday i got phone. Its defective and not working properly. During call voice is not coming clear. In background different sound is coming from speaker. I just want to replace my phone. I am not satisfied with this type of service provided by amazon.
Best phone to purchase. Gifted to my mother and she totally loves it. Like the samsung brand.
After 6 month only my charger port is not working and some time its hang alot there is just a single scratch in my screen but service center person told I will repair your phone in gareenteed when you will replace a screen and the cost is 4500 it's not worth at all
Overall awesome bt within 3 month display problems arriese.speaker problem hang problem ..don't buy this mobile it's westage of money
 Total waste of money bad built phone  lagged during using small apps like fb lite and if complaint on service centre they said we can't do anything and can't provide service job sheet in varanasi abc tower service centre
Screen and body is made by very cheap material, my phone was broken within a week, dropped just 1.5 fit height.
Fingerprint reader is not working properly sometimes it recongnise the user and sometimes not. Most of the times you have to manually enter the screen pattern to unlock the phone. And battery is also draining so quickly.
Pathetic phone in this range. Hangs a lot, quite often, probably every day.  I had already been disappointed by Samsung before. I thought, with the new phones, I would give it a try. Didn't expect this terrible product from Samsung
I thought the hanging issue will not happen in this phone but I was wrong.It is hanging inspite of 4 GB RAM.I am regretting by purchasing this.camra quality is also poor 13 MP camra but other samsung phones ranging 20k+ have 8MP camra but that is better than this.
Worst phone, every time hanging problem, very bad  experience wid this phone, please don't buy this phone guys, i hve los my money, this phone is heating problem also, very low quality very bad product.... Shame on yu samsung.
It always over heats within a half hour of usage, it won't turn on any application when mobile gets heat or charge. As mentioned it won't charge fast. It is same as the normal old Samsung phones
I purchased Samsung M20 blue from Amazon but regret to note that the camera quality of this product is very poor. Other features are also not good. In this price range other good options are available in the market. Want to sale this mobile.
Its  been not more than 20 days the touch and display is very bad its not working now it started to flick and the lines that fully cover the screen.Im not even satisfied to give this one star atleast .Very bad about this.Please gibe me immediate sollution to this.
Don't buy this product as phones camera is worst in comparison to competition what u get with redmi ,nokia in this price range .also phone is overheating even while charging ...it get's very hot .....I sold this mobile after using for 4 months on olx for 6 k.....
Total money waste, dont buy.... heating problem issue as always with sumsung, some special issue with this perticular model galaxy M20 like app will hang while useing touch is not working properly... no replacement at all by amazon.... as per amazon app tere isno heating at all
Network or internet lag occurs always the real concern... ...front camera is not as good as competative phones in market.. Face recognition is very poor.. .. 1gud thug is battery backup.. u can hve all day long with 5000 mAH battery... Fast charging ...
Screen damaged w/o any external damage, but service center charged me as this display is not covered under warranty. Also I updated as this is manufacturing defect.  But they not listened and we paid around 4.5k. Which is huge amount as per cost of this handset.
Mobile suddenly hange out and Also burn when it use data. Mobile suddenly doing  unexpected operation automatic so for 5 sec then normal it . As per battery cap i.e. 5000 mAh battery backup is less only one day battery work when use data..
I bought this mobile last year april. It was working fine till this April. After this april some update has happened and it became very slow. Inspite of uninstalling half of itthe apps it was slow. I tried factory reset which still is not a solution.
Starting on buying it was very good. But after 3months there is an OS problem like hanging screen struck over heat etc.Nice battery backup. But no long life softwares and parts. Poor camera.while u are not using means also it will heat automatically.
Only display quality is good. Worst camera. Worst processor(not even come close to sdm 636). Heating issue while gaming. Overall it is not a #gamechanger.
Good phone at this price point with good battery backup.  Don't expect excellent camera quality and sound. No option to mute camera sutter sound.
Mobile display and battery is plus. But camera quality is really under low.Any reviewers cheating us by given false statements about camera.front camera quality is like 1mp..vry worst  With same plus gud camera m20 may best...be care befr but m20
Worst mobile Mobile To much Heating No battery life Mobile hang
Phone is getting hanged the moment camera is on and without loading anything memory is is saying full.. phone needs to be restarted regularly.. not. Up to mark..Not expected atleast from Samsung such a disappointment.
Its not even a month and phone has started hanging and their is the big problem that some time phone work on itself without touching the screen as if some body is operating it and it seems that it is  software problem.  Now kindly give the solution  for problem.
It didn't even work for 20 days. Charging the phone is troubling me. It says moirture in your phone and doesn't allows me to charge the phone. Service centers are pathetic. Customer care gives you wrong adress of service center
Sim card problem arises too many times Changing the sim won't help There is no network in sim 2, can't even call when network is medium and can't receive calls at anytime, always says switched off.
see features, space all that's good! but the SCREEN BROKE 2 TIMES AND MY PHONE IS ONLY 4 MONTHS OLD I've shelled out almost the same amount I've bought the phone for just for its screen original screen is for 7k wheras I bought the phone for 8 rather enraged
M20 is worst phone for me finger print scanner is too slow some times scanner doesn't work and calling issue is very irritating, when u disconnected the call its automatically dial emergency number again and again , wtf Samsung se ye umeed na thi hum ko..
Almost  one month  after  my mobile lcd and folder will change and after i have changed it on service  centre i've seen that my fingerprint  sensor is not working the service  representative  says sensor is not available  in Samsung  care wait for few days ...
Got this brand new phone of #SAMSUNG at first look it was mind-blowing but later on it turned on #WORST as it has got #ẞlack_$pot on the top left corner of #DISPLAY for no reason, it was small dot first but as time passed it has been #BIG_VISIBLE black spot on display..!!
This phone is not as per my expectations ; picture quality is not gud; After using 2 months it started creating problems; many apps are also not working properly;network problem always there while other phones with the same network are working
Product is ok is not valuable product the phone is very hanging problem on voice not clearing fingerprint is not good phone is very hot battery is very hot
VERY UNHAPPY WITH BATTER BEING IT IS DISCHARGING VERY FAST WITHIN 6 MONTHS FROM DATE OF PURCHASE. TRYING TO PUT COMPLAINT TO CUSTOMER CARE. BUT COULD NOT CONTACT DUE TO AUTO REPLIES AND CALL CANNOT BE CONNECTED TO YOUR REPRESENTATIVE. PLEASE CALL ME ON 9923037555.
Its not that product what i am aspecting from samsung. As usual samsung nhi sudharega. I am contieously restarting this phone as its lack data speed. My suggestion - go for any brand  other than samsung.its a worst phone don't ever thi k to buy it
I would say redmi and other mobiles of same range are far better than this one, in speed face recog, gameplay and camera... This device is very slow and I often encounter many glitches in it..
Just satisfactory not so great, camera changes colors and photos don't look natural, I have not many apps, but occasionally keyboard does not respond quickly.
Pooor quality front camera.... look like VGA camera....poor battery back up...and phones heat up almost 20 mints of vdo call on whatsapp and then automattically cut the call... pathetic device...pls friends belive me ..don't buy samsung phones lower than 20k.
Worst mobile  front camera not good speaker also problem hanging  problem  also this is phone  not manufacturer  self Samsung  this is  makes by third party I think guys you need to purchase mi note 7 better than this phone I have already  cheated guys don't  buy this phone
Sometime the product gets hang.  When i open the gallery it opens some images without i touching on that particular image. Sound effects is below my expectation and the camera sometimes perform bad. There is no slow mortion and timelapse settings
Dear Amazon pls let me know my phone after replace create same problem why you gies provide defective peace in your customer finally I'm leave the Amazon app but this is my humble request pls don't cheat your customer pls bye bye Amazon
Very very worst product,got the display problem in 14 days (In mobile bottom rt side some black marks started spreading).No response from the customer care side after intimated the problem.Really worried why I bought the Samsung product,very worst experience.
This phone has unstable features. You want to tap on something and this phone recognise your touch and open something else. Many times it happened i sent msg to A but phone recognise my touch and sent msg to B.  Stupid phone in nutshell.
1) Screen touch problem, 2) Most time it was hanged, 3) Network connection is very poor, 4) Lagging in most time. 5) Not user friendly.
1. Heating issue. 2. When on call there is a weird beeping noise every few seconds. 3. The phone already has a very deep scratch on the side beside the screen from a minor dash. 4. Camera is terrible.
Yesterday only I got this phone, it gets more heat on phone calls. I  can't keep it at my ear , compare to Xiaomi it is not worth.  So I suggest you to go to readmi mobiles
The worst mobile ever purchased, After ordering opted for return within 4 hrs, but packed and dispatched. The seller has transfered his Garbage. Thanks to Samsung for manufacturing thi waste.
Camera quality is not so good in low light. Battery life is really good, can last all day. Supports fast charging, so quickly charge the phone with the fast adaptive charge. 6.3 inches FHD+ gives a really good experience while using the phone.
Product is good at this price range. But poor connectivity. I have moto g5 plus always show full signal for both Vodafone and jio but Samsung m20 show 30% signal only some time. It. Shows. No service..
Garam ho jata he jaldi online video dekhne ke 5 minit bad se, charging karte time 3 m ke bad , hotspot se connect karne pe 10 m ke bad game open karne ke 1 m ke ander se,, in ko ignor karne ke bad best he , sabhi  features good he or koi problem nahi he
Do not buy this mobile. Drag: After average use, battery die in a day. Display is very bad. Camera quality is average. Most important, after one week phone starts to hang.
No indicator of silent mode on home / lock screen No charging indicator No missed call / msgs indicator Screen wake up not simple using the power button Screenshot too unfriendly and difficult Touch sensitivity is average
I am using this phone for 6 months, I have changed the screen twice. The screen will break even if it falls from a low height. battery and other performance are great that y i am giving 2 stars.  Note: I gave 5* before, now I changed it because of the screen quality.
Phone screen is very fragile.. 3 days back phone was fallen down from approx 1 feet height .. screen got cracked from left side bottom.. I'm highly disappointed bcoz itz just a new phone purchased just 10 days back...
Phone is good and equipped with Latest version. But having Heatibg issue. You cant see a full movie in this M20. Please pass this to Samsung care
Phone is just avarage . Battery life is good with Single Sim but with Dual Sim volte it is just ok. Phone is hang multiple  time after the only one weak of usage . Fingerprint works 10 outof 5 times.
Worst phon I ever have in my life,continuously hanged, touch is very bad ,camera quality average, fingerprint sensor doesn't work properly ,sometimes it didn't read the fingerprint....I gave this review after using it for last 4 months....
Voice and call quality is not so great whenever i call there is lot disturbance all of a sudden had raised complain for return but it didn't happen. However would request Amazon if they could return and issue me fresh piece.
Not a good mobile don't buy fingerprint not working camera quality is not good even face registered not working properly
Screen glass is not tough.my phone screen has cracked after slipping from my pocket while getting off my car and on to concrete pavement.  Performance is laggy.  Screen colours are excellent. Updates have quick recently.
I bought that phone 1 Month ago ,there is a lot of problem since I bought this product ,even screen is not working properly. I went service center , they're not able to resolve the issue.  Very unhappy with Ur service Samsung is providing with their customers.
 Hey what the heck ,my phone is 20 days old suddenly it stoped working and it is turning on and off .I need replacement for my phone .this product dissapoints me a lot .I need immediate action from the authorities
It has 4gb ram, but i feel i am using a 2gb ram phone. Phone speed is very slow. Major issues i am facing is network signal problem. Everywhere it shows only 2-3 signal on the other phone i see complete full signals. Everytime i came out of my room to talk.
Absolutely crap, too many specification but hangs a lot ,touch not good ,bad sound,bad operation.If u love to do a lot official work on mobile phone it will turn out as nightmare
I don't I bought orginal or not coz it not more than a month I bought I facing fingerprint slow response and power off automatically at 2% No auto adjust brightness. Camera is not upto excepted.
Battery life is awesome no doubt fullday used still 50% end of d day. But Phone is heating when calling and cant keep in ears , camera is overall in average , indoor usage of cam is waste. Outdoor its ok.
Guys I thought would be good. But feeling cheated after 15 days of use I realise battery is not upto mark. There is issue with touch. Screen doesn't respond sometimes. I'll have to lock and unlock to make screen work.  Last but not least. Its not fast charging.
Dislike the low sound quality. Can the speakers' sound be increased. In full volume also the sound is low.
Pros- Screen is good. Cons- Camera app and camera is not good at all. 5000 mah is only for name lasts hardly one day Build quality is not good UI is not as of old samsung for which we pay
When we talk on speaker volume always Eco twin volume up faulty piece no replacement give me from Samsung aur Amazon seller
When we writing something by using keypad it suddenly typing in other words and nothing in my hands to write and also there is a lot of hang problem with in 1 month I have some respect to the Samsung product but today onwards I will not buy Samsung product
Only batery power and display are good else everything not upto the mark  Camera quality very bad for selfi Sound good in earphone bad in inbuilt speaker Apps hangs frequently specially Prime video  Might be i got faulty phone
Seriously!! all review are Paid.. not dat good as written on review..Review said amazing battery life octacore processor amazing camera awesome display..but believe me all r fake
Very much disappointed with this mobile. Touch not working properly. Suddenly touch not working while using mobile. At that moment i pressing power button then only touch working. Per one hour 4  to 5 times it happens I give 0 rating
The end strips broke off easily, rendering the phone without protection from falls and knocks. The clips connecting the end strips to main body tend to break off easily.
Overall the product is good but I am facing issue of disconnection of calls whenever I am on a call. This is creating a big issue as I am unable to talk on conference call as it gets disconnected, always. Bad experience related to calls.
If u like this product, u cannot use this mobile in other countries. This mobile only Indian SIM accept.. I tried already in middle East and europ it's not working. U should unlock this phone.. better phone, buy only In India...jai hind
Camera and fingerprint sensor is working ok but battery is given 5000 mah and its working like 2500 mah battery now you can imagine how the battery is. And it has mic problem also. When i answer any phone call he ask me restart if you want to use the mic.
It's 5000 MAH battery and it gets discharged in 2 days max with very less usage, finger print censors are very poor and camera quality is also not that great
A very average product at this price range..finger print scanner hardly works..the front camera works as the ambient light sensor so sensitivity is less and is very slow to react..battery life is good..screen sensitivity could have been better
Great for old generations. Could have been better if provided with a good processor.because you can feel the lag of you use a powerful  processor smartphone before. Well lastly Samsung need to optimize their UI for better experience.
Camera sensor is not working. Quality of selfie is also not good. Requested  Amazon customer care to replace, but no action taken in this regard
Screen broke when it was handled with care (in product description it was mentioned as best glass). Now when I want to change the screen it's costing around 5000
1. Signals receiver is very week compare to other/ no stable network for any network / Tried in heart of city with five best regional networks 2. Heating issue started with in 1month 3. Camera not much good 4. Think again before u buy
Battery is not good as claimed, fast charging is just dream, using m20 from three weeks, it takes at least 2.5 hours to charge completely,  where is fast charging? 5000 mah, hmmm lasts for 1.5 day at max. Where as 5000 man Lenovo's p2 was far superior...
The camera is not working properly and th features are not good. We have ask customer care to return but they reply not to refund. This is not the way to donot say truth. This is not the way to behave very bad. Firstly improve your behaviour and then do marketing.
Hang sometimes that is very poor.Ram management is better than MI devices,day to day life usability is good.Camera is average battery life is good.overall average phone could have been better.
Pretty average phone when compared to rivals Better if you buy other company phones if u r only interested in Samsung ya it is a good one . Best for parents,and less user. Not for gamers
Dont purchase this phone never ever it's a damn bad phone only 1 month old phone and it broken only fallen from 1 feet height. Company make fool to all customer ..
Wrost Mobile, Hang problems arrived in a month,  mobile stuck every time, camera result so so poor,  Betty life ok, lots of ads, Don't buy. I want my money back.
Some of the issues are- #Picture quality is okay but in comparison to Galaxy on nxt it's not good. #Unresponsive screen. #Android App crashes while using. #Frozen and slow user interface. #Overheating of phone during charging #It's Homescreen is Congested.
Mobile very slow . 4gp ram but performance tooo slow compared with other 2gp ram is faster than samsung m20. And charging time too late for 100% take morethan 3 hours.
I dont know whether is it product defect or not , hearing positive review i purchased this phone on 20Feb . From Day1 (First Boot) itself the phone hangs , Camera takes it own time to open and forget PUBG on it . Has Anyone Issued Same Problem>
Hanging problems...charger stopped working and when I went to service centre they said they had to order charger for this model which can take 5 to 7 days....I mean this is a new mobile??? Latest tech....I think it's a cheap imitation of a expensive one
Bought the phone after one month the screen has issues and line are comings all over the display very bad hardware from Samsung and unexpected fault in my device.  Rs. 9990 is of no value now,  Please look in to quality control.
Budget phone buy samsung. If you are looking for better performance phone don't go for above one.as it's having Exynos processor. Go for snapdragon.
After am using 3 months am writing this review guys.. Pros: 1.smoth performance,battery life excellent,aveg ram mangemnt Cons: wrost camera performance, low signal reception,low audio while loudspeaker Guys I also used Red mi phones those phones r too better from this phone
Performance of Touchscreen  is not at par.Device is very slow. Battery back up is also not good.My suggestion go for other phone
If your budget is between 10000 to 12000 then it's good but  camarea of this phone is not good if you want a good camera phone Then you can buy realme or mi phones..because realme and mi phones rear and front camera is fur better than this phone...
Faltu product. Very disappointed. Touch is not working properly. While calling disturbance noise is coming from handset. Don't buy it
The worst problem with this phone is messege "Moisture Detected on Charging port" due to which the phone can't be charged . I am getting this message every day.
Mobile performance is good but facing few problems. 1. Mobile phone getting restarted and getting switched off while it's on call in day while 1 time. 2. Charging consumption is fast and required repeatedly charging 2 times a day.
I thought it was Samsung phone so it may good but I was worst phone camera quality so low both front and rear. 2. 0hone was hanged all the time you call or play games it was waste of money not recommended these phone plz do not buy it
This phone has very bad internet usage and network. The net suddenly becomes slow and stops working. Also the network dissapears suddenly. I called customer care so many times they dont solve the issue and neither accept return. Its a a waste of money.
Samsung a little bit slow in this price range. this phone not for fast usage. very laggy some time, and i also feel some network issues.
Battery life is horrified in my case, on 18th january night around 11 pm, in maximum power saving mode battery was 64% and now at 7 a.m. on 19th it it 43%, just terrific, facing problems since last two months.
Please don't buy guys I have received faulty one, after using 10-15min Mobile starts heating. There is no return policy not accepting replacement aswell if not reaches mobile heat more than 48dc In my case it reaches 40c it's really very bad and unfair from Samsung
This phone is only made for light work if you go for gaming purpose then it will heat badly. & auto brightness adjustable features not works in good manner .
Display is good Camera is good in day time but very poor quality at night I am very disappointed with processor. Just a month and there is no big applications in my phone, yet it is hanging up often. It is disappointing. Shouldn't have bought this.
all performance ok but front camera very bad better then realme u1 awesome performance camera to lajabab hai
There was defect in sensor .... Samsung service center refused to change it calling it as physical damage.... Pathetic response.... @amazon team plz add products only which you verify by your team before sending... For replacement also they refused...
worst phone ever in my life ,even 3 gb ram of other phone is better than m20,processor  is very slow,i cant explain  how bad this phone is..
Mobile is good but delivery boy handed so expensive mobile to security guard so shame of him, he didn’t even call and informed..good for cheap products can’t purchase so valuable and online payment products from amazon
The network and internet are running worst in this phone. First I thought it would have been coverage problem. But my doubt gone clear when I tried same SIM in other phone. Worst phone ever
I am very disappointed with samsung i am a huge fan of samsumg and user also ... But this device remove network most of the time .. performance wise very slow i mean spend approx 10k and what you get an older speed device .. thanks samsung
Worst product from samsung this time.Basicaly I'm a samsung lover. But this phone is spoils the reputation of samsung. Sound quality is very very poor.Camera clarity is very average. I dont know how to return the item .
The phone is good and value for money but the charger stopped working within the first month. The customer service experience wasn't efficient and has required multiple visits to get the issue sorted. The issue is still pending.
After using for 6 months Phone hangs,touch is not working some time . Camera quality ok ok.
Can't get signal at city also. I begged to Amazon like refund amount. They are not accepte. Red MI 2GB Ram is very good fast compare to this Dirty Samsung Galaxy M20.
Don’t buy its loudspeaker sound very low and blurry. Display colors are also very bad when viewing YouTube videos Camer quality is also very bad !! Don’t waste your money on this product find some good alternate !! All the best !!
Sir. I have purchased the mobile  on 01/05/2019 only and I have informed my problems to Samsung Customer care about the battery life over phone.  Request  convey  whether replace my mobile as only two days over in the  replacement policy please.
Every thing good except phone book hangs  regularly. At that time not able to dial any number I use to update all patches of Samsung but not able to fix this problem.
This mobile is very handy but cemera quality , network and internet connection is very poor. I want to exchange this Samsung m20 mobile from the purchasing day but the exchange facility is not available on this mobile right now.
Sensor will not work properly. While talking, display will be off. We have to touch finger print sensor or power button , to disconnect the line or to find the red icon on display.
Don't buy this phone. It works for one day and stopped working later. Automatically restarts and touch ia really terrible.
Camera quality is poor. Finger print reader is just average and battery life also average. I am suggest you if you think about the brand according to me its good phone for this price just because of samsung.
After 13 years I chose Samsung, but same disappointment.  RAM: 3* Battery: 3*  I think the one and only company gives you their Patent feature called HANG.
i dislike this  mobile. all the m20 have same network receiving issues. while on phone calls whether call volume gets low automatically or gets disconnected, some hissing noise also coming when on call. but this is not due to network provider issue.
I like the phone overall.. but there's a massive problem with my touch screen it hangs up at anytime.. and then I have to lock my fon and unlock it again to use the touch again. I keep my software updated and others app too but this problem is sick!
Worst phone ever, i went many times to service center, no good camera, no battery power, cheap quality touchscreen, hanging problem, very slow fingerprint unlock, low sound quality, even local Chinese mobile is batter then this phone according to me
DONT BUY THIS PHONE OVERHEATING WHILE SEEING YOUTUBE AND It HAS NOT A FAST CHARGING SUPPORT It HAS SLOW CHARGING SUPPORT WHILE CHARGING It takes 4 to 5 CHARGING.I AM RETURNING THIS THIS SAMSUNG GALAXY M20 THEY DIDN'T CAME TAKE FOR RETURN.
hangs heating problem and fingerprint sensor dosent works proprley thank god i got refund battery drain fast an camera is the worst I ever seen iPhone 4 camera is better then this then PUBG u can tost a small piece of bread on it
Here is advertising latest phone We are excited to order but after receiving product is display come with damaged which photo I share
Very very very bad manufacturing quality don't buy this phone for this seller I complement this manufacturing defect but any technician not visit in my home and Amazon not return this product Amazon and seller are frod don't trust Amazon please please please
I have started to take take screenshot and and mobile gettig hang , now i cant even call anyone , can anyone contact call to replace
In rainy season ..u will be not able to charge ur phone. A alert message is showing "please wait fro dry weather after that charging will be start again" guys please avoid to buy this.. this issue is facing almost 100%buyer of this phone
Received a device which is breaching customer privacy and sending some packets in the background despite of Mobile data is turned Off.... not expected from Samsung.. Don't blindly follow this brand.. this is the lesson from my experience
no app lock, phone speed is normal. camera not satisfactory camera not better than redmi note 5, face unlock is very slow  ear price, speaker, fast charging and battery backup is good  Customizing Font Support is very very less.
The mobile start hanging from starting and also it got heated while using and charging. When we check camera and fingerprint reader the quality is bad. I have all these to the Amazon executives...they have assured me to give a proper solution.
Very disappointed...  I bought this product last month  and now the touch is not working in appropriate way... And it started to hang..... I suggest you guy's... don't buy it.. Or else you will regret... But other product is very good from Amazon..
Design is good. But camera quality is not good. In camera not showing samsung quality. And some time facing delay system process
Phone tends to hang at time , the motog4 plus with the same cofiguration ismuch better and does not have any hanging problem.using it for the last 3 years. Made a mistake by buying this phone. Would not recommend this to anyone.
Hanset is very poor, Heating problem is very much, also 5000mAH battery just for spoke its backup is less then of 2000mAH. overall experience is very very worst so don't waste your time and money.
Display is pathetic...having said that camera performance is worse than terrible...I mean I use a j7prime it has a better pic clarity than this worthless piece...did not expect this from Samsung. Fingerprint sensor is awesome,  do I battery life.
don't buy this phone if you want a good selfie camera... i sold it on olx after purchase of 4 days because camera was very very bad
i don't know why it is not connecting to my house wifi, while other phones do!!
Selfie camera okay, back one good, no image stabilization, fingerprint sensor is really nice along with the battery.
it turns out to be a no value product, camera's a bad when compared with other smartphones of same price range, delivers a laggy performance. The phone showcases an average built quality. Samsung stitches camera on android; a low quality images are processed
It's mentioned exynos 7904 in description and it's 7885 in real time?
I bought this mobile for 13000 but the mobile is not worth for it. The display is damaged within 3 months the warranty also not valid .The service centres peoples are not responding properly. I feel very bad about the Samsung and Amazon.Its waste of money..
User interface is not very friendly, neither is keyboard. I am also facing issues with touch screen, will have to send to service centre but not willing to give phone to service centre within two months of purchase.
My phone is gettiing message of moisture detected and the charger is also defective.Unfortunately i have learnt that this is  most common in Samsung phone.Now i cant even return the phone.Total waste ...do not buy.
The worst problem with this phone is messege "Moisture Detected on Charging port" due to which the phone can't be charged . I am getting this message every day.  Now the condition is that the charger and mobile both are not fast charging
THE WORST PHONE !!! You will have processer has very low this processer makes your phone slow... Not uesd for highly gaming!!! SIgnal not reciving by given network!! browsing also very slow!!! You will ger exllent phone in this rate
Battery backup is good but phone is too heavy  in weight and fingerprint reader is not working properly also face recognition is not working properly if you show photos then also phone will unlock so Samsung have to improve it. phone hang sometime
Worst mobile series of Samsung This m series is low quality mobile. M20 mobile is so weak.its simply broke. Display is very weak. Service center owner told me that this is tha series of Samsung has more problems about  display.
The battery life is so pathetic... after charging for n atleast 4-5 hours phone get charged only 50-60% and battery draining issue is really worst
Finger print reader dont work fine sometimes, phone works slowly some time all of sudden, Sometimes you dont even see who is calling you when call comes or while you are trying to make calls
Very disappointed with this, it has got many problems like overheating, hanging issues, some apps wont run, processing speed is less, bad camera pic depth, etc...
 Samsung m20 display glass broke by while its fall down within my pocket....it's not a gorilla glass quality it's a look like a normal glass quality . And what  the funny thing in that,  it broke while it's covered with that hardcase.
Process slow amd camera is also below average. Not as expected.
I bought this phone thinking that Samsung would be better compared to other so called chinese phones. This phone hangs every now and then even without running multiple apps.The screen touch behaves weird sometimes. I suggest you guys not to buy this phone.
Phone quality is very weak It's just band on normally use. My phone display band in pocket just normally use. Customer care not repair in guarantee period. They charge 4400 per it . So no one can buy me series mobile.
I bought this set for my mother. The set looks great, good battery life. But one major problem is that it hangs frequently. A 3GM RAM smartphone of Moto works smoothly but this M20 hangs. I tried with hard reset, but no luck.
Picture and screen quality of other phones having less megapixels cameras and screen resolution is better than this Samsung model. Better options available in this price range unless you are a Samsung fan
M20 is Worst phone from Samsung... On6 is a great phone..
facing issue in tower not catching signal properly. do not buy. i purchased under the name of samsung. but now i thought samsung is cheater.
To buy this phone is the biggest mistake in my life. Full charged battery backup is just one hour without browsing any video or song. Highly heating phone.  Very bad device.  Worst product of Samsung. I will keep away from any product of Samsung.
Sir .....All phones are coming with earphones but this one did not come with earphones...please  send it to my address as soon as pissible....otherwise i will return it to which will make inconveniance to both retailer as well as user or customer
Surprised with this product. Two hand sets have more problems. 1. Dual SIM don't work, sound quality pathatic, low singles. 2. Over heating while capturing 2 mins video 49C
Total performance of Samsung M 20 is very very bad.Brightness is very poor in both method and hang the phone several times per day. Don,t buy this phone
This is worst phone don't buy Samsung phone internet is very slow I bought this phone on 07.03.19 and within a week it is having hanging problem and internet problem instead of buying Samsung please go for mi. And Amazon is not helping to return this phone
Where other samsung android phone and other brand android  stand "4G" m20 maximum time show "E". And online clip video and you tube quality too heazy. Camera quality also poor. and battery drain rapidly, over heating problem.
Worst phone from Samsung brand. phone have a hardware problem after delivery Amazon not accept return, please dont buy these product,these is guinune review
its phone not made for gaming  i try this phone about 20 days the phone is hang after 15-20 days because  i try this phone so please dont buy this phone and in this phone the temperature is very high it is give very heat after 15-20 min.
The phone look is good but not so handy and weight is very high camera quality worst don’t buy if you are love to capture moments battery is very good enough for full day not so fast as user interface and apps opening time is little bit take more time display quality is superb...
Cons. Operating system not user friendly. Too many advertisements immdiately when screen is un locked. Speed doesn't look like 4GB. Phone heats up even when I read news for 15 - 20 min Pros. Battery life.
This handset is absulately third class, even it does not have any class..The company states that it has fast charging but it takes 5 to 6 hour for the phone to charge it fully and also has network problem...please dont buy this at all
Very very very 3rd class product i ever scean only use 1 month and product display was damage automatically going to Samsung service centre 4200rs paid for dislpy issue why u provide 1 year warranty very bad product plz don't purchase
This phone is giving me headache all day along. Its hangs so much even on applications like calculator. When i need call someone, even then phone app shows up in 1-2 seconds. Not recommended to buy.
First thing is it's over heating problem. If the temperature of the device increase then the upper side of screen is not working properly. This phone is not for gaming if you play pubg then after 1 game you are going to face over heating problem
Battery life is really well, fingerprint is unlock at some time in many numbers of attempts, face recognition is good, but the main problem in the phone is become overheating  at the outside in very less time and all the apps closed at the time.
I have received a defective piece and Amazon not responding for return or replace the mobile, Network connectivity is very poor and battery is heating like burning coal stone, plz don't buy this and I think this is my last experience with amazon
Apps like YouTube and Chrome stopped working on multiple occasions. Had to restart every time this happened. Phone lags even during normal use. All of these problems within the 1st 7 months. Experience with previous Samsung phone was way better.
There is a big problem with the screen.It start flickering on it's own even the cell is in normal temperature.I am not at all happy with the set such a big disappointment.I cannot replace too.And the sensitivity is so wrong .
I will never ever think of Samsung handset very bad network. I was using some other handset till I bought M20 it had awesome signal support  this is really really bad. Brand only misguided your mind. I am very disappointed  I would never recommend  anyone.
Battery Charging good But camera worst. Realme pro is better. Instead buy M10 series than this M20.
Very bad camera and screen brightness. Unhappy from Samsung. Don't buy it. Same price range phones available with much better specs and quality from Mi and Realme.
Bhai log bohot jada hang hota h but other companies ke mobile hang hone pr restart krne pdte hain isko kewal lock krke lock open krne se problem dur ho jati h... 😋 Same configuration me other companies ke mobiles ka response jada achha h.
Just like  my other Samsung phone experience... This one is also like those . Phone hangs always... You can't even play PUBG mobile .. Not recommended.
Front camera clarity very poor, Disappointed with this mobile completely, Given the complaint to Samsung, But they informed that the all mobiles of this model same only (Front camera poor clarity, Expected that the clarity below 2mp)
The product is really good the cam is awesome but the only issue that I faced recently was that after taking a video on the phone and then pressed stop the phone got stuck and the important video didn't get saved had to restart the phone also .
Face unlock 1.5/5 Finger print sensor 2/5 Battery 3/5 Camera 4/5 Screen 3.5/5 Poor performance.waiting for software update &solve these problem
Worst camera ever in the segment even mi phones are better then this
It was a birthday gift to my mother ,and now its malfuctioning its so terrible for me to belive its order on Amazon the most customer centric company of earth ,you have given us more tension and loss of happieness and all my money is lost now .
Worst phone... pub g me bc bhot lack marta h.. bhul k v mat lena is phone ko
Front camera is not good , pics are not clear. Pics are blurred
Samsung m20 is good mobile.battery life and fingerprint give good performance. I think the camera quality should be improved. There is problem i.e hang.Samsung hang problem not solved. Sometimes front camera is not working. The camera works after restarting.
Worst experience, absolutely rubbish, battery life is about 3 4hrs during mobile data running, do not but this product from Samsung, if you have good options like Coolpad, realme, MI and many more. Absolutely worst experience ever
The  picture clarity is ok feel sum hack or jm now itself while on charging the the light  in the screen shows fully  blink  purchased 1 month this showns just 4 days  heavy battery decreasing
Please dont buy this phone from amazon becuase amazon service is very poor. Amazon provide broken phone to me and never replaced.. This phone is working too much hanging problem.. I personally suggest all of you never buy this phone.
its been just one month that bought samsung m20, besides battery issue, the device got hanged frequently and now its dead and not powering up despite of trying to reboot and different troubleshooting methods...disappoineted big time
many times screen touch sensor not working while i am using it. so at that time i need to press lock button and unlock phone that it become working  many times this issue happens in a day  do a replace my phone product
Net speed is slow in this phone I never think that from samsung This battery also not good My frend insult this phone camera in public not good camera quality that is shown Slow phone while we open the phone after some time
This phone is a joke for 4GB RAM and for  battery life, one more failure for samsung. Facing too much hang and  its touch screen. M10 is far better  than this phone.  Now can't think what I should do with this piece of junk
Very poor product can't believe that is that made by renowned Samsung company.. duplicate product deliver to me.. please take action about m20 .. network problem from beginning.. automatic restart and voice not cleared deliver to other users..
Face recognition is not working fast or instant..and in low light camera can't identify the faces Image stabilization is good after software update..
Absolutely useless phone, gets hot even none apps are running. Poor sound quality. Very slow with compared to 3 GB RAM & a Octa Core processor. Have asked for a refund. Don’t buy this phone. Just a waste of money.
Ye phone bhut bhut bekar h. Phone overheating, hang & network issues continuously persists. Maine 2 pr service centres me phone tik krane ko dia pr problem ab b h .5 month me 2 bar service pr de chuka hu. Isse bekar phone maine kbhi ni  dekha.
Not a value for money phone. I thought 2 weeks back and its already started to hang. I dont have any heavy games or apps but still facing problem. App close automatic and after hang, you have to restart phone. Worst experience. Dont go for it.
Overall, if we talk about looks and battery life, a 5 star for them. But the exynos processor is a bit slow and not up to the mark. The fingerprint scanner takes time to read and open the phone. Camera quality is also not very good.
Right from day one this mobile is not working n service centre demanding money saying its not under warranty. Problem is Battery is not charging saying moisture has been detected.However they are not in mood to hear anything except money
Problem occurs with my M20 device.it automatically shuffles various pages,automatically selects and type anything from keypad.horrible experience.sometimes call receive button works on its own sometimes call disconnects even without answering
Bulky phone may be due to 5000 battery ..... impresses by speed and performance of the phone ....... camera is not up to the mark as expected from a Samsung phone or any other phone in this range ... blurry pics at night
Kya h isme face unlock ya photo unlock and samsung aj bhi phone k aram se kam krne me believe krta h or krta rhega samsung should change its tag line by samsung h to hang hoga hi wrost idea to buy this one now time to move on samsung 😡😡🤬
There is a problem with d microphone While calling it give an echo I have exchanged 1 piece and received another but facing the same problem
.its pathetic it was not expected from Samsung and Amazon got faulty piece. So far observer two issue within a month.its not sleek, better to go with M10 if looks matter for you, else its fine
Worst phone i ever use, phone is going to hang mood on every 5 minutes. Unable to use, i'll never buy a samsung phone .
 never buy this mobile very bed hang and ghost touch problem never buy this mobile i am request to you plz share this videos and  comment and if you face this same problem than use #peaceofdumpm20
Dont buy this online mobile,i amvery disappointed, Totally waste,power botton not work,&press the ,goto emergency  call, battery powered it's not good,not refund but replace, how will replace  mobile return the problem,how is primise  ?
Budget wise cool. Speaker quality not upto mark. Lot of cheek noise. Need to replace.  Lot of unwanted  advertisements and Samsung inbuilt app's, samsung packing also not good. Other than rest are superb. Only 3 to 4 correction required  then only I put 5 star rating.
Before I do software update there was a automatic selection of screen options and flickering. Literally felt like someone hacking my phone. Looks like some software issue later updating the software didn't face that kind of isssue
Pathetic phone guys or may be the vendor is not good this phone hang just too much very disturbing phone for work purpose
Kindly do not purchase this item. Facing battery heating ploblem. I read reviews before purchase, but thought of problem with that piece. I was wrong I strongly recommend do not purchase this item. Playing videos for 20 min phone get heated.
i buy a new sasung M20phone from amazone last month(7th of march 2019,and with in a month my mobile is getting so many problem,like over heating,restarting etc....iam soo fedup . i will never recommend this phone(samsung M20) to others.
Worst phone ever I have purchased 5th Handset of Samsung i.e. M20 within 8 months my phone became dead I just got a sudden call rang during charging my Screen get blank and when I reached to service centre they made my phone out of warranty.
Battery is the only positive value for this phone rest everything is just showcase.
I have bought this item when firstly launched. Sometime, Its signal goes off and phone need to restart.
There is a delay in all function.battery last for less than 24 hrs with very limited usage.touch keys doesn't work most of the time.hope Samsung people will respond to this review.
overall its  good experience  but its not diserve to get excellent feedback . phone is good looking but Camera and especially bettery pick up is not good...heating problem during phone charging.its same like other samsung phones. . but nothing changed.....
Not up to mark, nothing good can expected from Samsung with low price. Only the goood thing is display. Rest features are bu****t
Cam quality very bad. Display is nyc. Back side is of plastic so bad Battery backup is good Overall it is not so good in this price range
If you need battery life only then go for the phone. Or else, Avarage camera, below standard processor, hang up very often. Redmi note series is way better than it. Display is good.
Not so good product Average battery life. Easily get scratched. Sometimes touch screen does not work properly so  need to restart mobile to resolve that issue.
Every thing except net speed and face unlock is good face unlocke work even if the eyes are closed And also the net is i dont know why is extremely slow as compaired to my last mi phone even on wi fi its slow i dont know why
Worst phone i ever bought. For this price they are plenty good phones available. For only samsung brand i bought this and made a blunder. Defective piece received. And not returned yet by Amazon. Poor service by amazon. Learned lesson.
The price decrease by 12% just 1day after the delivery.battery back up so bad 5000mh works like 3500. Front camera very poor . Display is very good . Processing of application is slightly buggy . Charging speed is better than previous model
Worst buy from Amazon...Jeff Bezos your are a fraudster billionaire...relly disappointed...bought as gift for my parents...and phone keeps hanging...no support from customer service...neither any help from Samsung.. #notosamsung #notoamzaon
Build quality not good  Havey weigh  Heating effect on charging time  Wi-Fi version so old 2.4 g accepted only not 5g
even though mobile is good at price when u face hang issue, its waste of money and time,  frustration come when u cant pick the call because of phone hangs, makes you through hard to the wall.
it's and over marketed phone. camera is decent and it runs smoothly everything seems to be fine save  for the fact that mic  when talking normally is muted there is a mic issue bug which has not been resolved
Totally waste of money... aap lock nhi h. 5000mh battery sife name h.is se aacha redmi ka 3000mh ka battery h.finger print sensors  slow h.or hang mobile hang ka purna aadat  hidden folder nhi h. Charger pin alg h camera v kuch khass nhi h.
The phone is not audible very clearly.  The phone gets heated up while i speak for a while or after using data for a while.  Please don't use this phone and spoil your experience
Its getting hang every another day waste of money ....can't trust on samsung ...at least they shud refund my money
Phone is OK not if you want Samsung as a branded product then u go for it.. Don't buy to play games and click photos or make a  video.... 5000 MH battery just for fool people
Fingerprint scanner response is very Ghatiya. Allow only 3 finger prints. Battery life is very good and charge in 2 hours. Lagging in some applications like pub g and tiktok. Camera quality is very good.
Very bad working samsung m20 i bought new mobile thru amazon but phone is not working good ,because daily i faced some problems in mobile phone is hanged and automatically working ,so plz don't buy online mobiles on amazon total faulter...
Samsung Galaxy M20 SM-M205FZBDINS (Ocean Blue, 3GB RAM, 32GB Storage my phone is not ringtone with vibration mode so pls help me this your products This phone is warrenty perioud 1 year due mob no: 8141009179
After replacement also same problem occurs (Auto touch, hanging, volume button not working properly) Don't buy it please
Device over look is good, Poor in camera Quality: Pictures are not live, its not impressive, Phone is Hanging even without much data. Touch is good, disappointed with camera performance, Spec mentioned 3 times fast charging but actually its taking 8 hours to charge 100%.
Phone gets heated too fast. And fingerprint sensor is not that fast. Rest battery life is excellent. Just resolve heating of phone. It gets heated too much during charging as well as during calling and other app uses.
Sometimes other person voice is not hearing. So have to switch to flight mode and come back to normal mode
After installation all applications,  working performance is poor,  suddenly hanging. I am doing work or watching some movies suddenly restart.
My Mobile gets Heated quite quickly.Although Its having 5000 mAh battery, battery life is too poor.I have to charge my phone 2 times in a day.Sometimes I get message from Samsung that the Phone is "Heated up" .Although Its 4+64, it hangs.
Bought in March, but facing display issue. The display was flincking suddenly for a day and completely off on the second day.  Phone look and performance good, but this issue causes irritating because it happens in just 3 months
Very bad product and service In galaxy m20 touch screen quality is very pour Hanging and hitting problem cannot solve by service providers Phone hitting temperatures is very high In future cannot buy any Samsung mobile
Bought this set as a seal of trust of samsung and Amazon but the worst experience i got the screen got half black within 7-8 days and service center is saying its the physical damage where there is not even a scratch on my set.
I wont recommend this phone for regular users. Some times goes unresponsive. Really dont know whats happening in the phone. (Suddenly hangs even am running fb and whatapp alone). Amazon delivered the defective piece and struggled more than 8 days for getting replacement.
This phone  not temperature  reliable phone  get heat and it can reach till 43 due to outside  temperature and if you are in ac the it will maintain  CPU temperature  25 degree. I don't  like  this phone no return  option dont purchase
In 2 months only I'm getting issues.. Now I'm not able to switch it on. Phone sims to be good but have lots of issues with its hardware.
Worst phone I have ever seen. In spite off having 4gb RAM this phone is very slow and sometimes hang. Touch is even worst. Camera quality is substandard, pictures look like an edited one.
Battery very worst. Very slow processing. Internet problem. Face recognition not working sometimes
Battery fast drying as per comparing other  smartphone. And this phone hitting using tiktok AAP,That's not good news for that  phone
This phone onlyfor display and battery,THE CAMERA IS VERY POOR (MI A2 IS VERY BEST THAN THIS) 5000 MAH battery is very more
Very slow. If you used Mi phone before then it looks very lagging. Sometimes it hangs within 15 days of use.  poor from samsung.
I am not fully satisfied with this product. Some delay in fingerprint sensor and you can not find fp sensor without fitting back cover.
worst mobile no return option,once you buy the product it takes more than 3 hours to fill the full batteryand performance is worst and touch quality is very less and display will not work properly.late face lock and finger lock.
It got really slow after the Android 10 update. I had bought it 7 months ago only. I couldn't even pick up calls. It took about 30 seconds just to load the home screen. Really didn't expect this from Samsung. Very disappointed
I have purchased Samsung M20 on 19th June but it's not atleast month since the date I have bought it and it's display is not working,worse experience ever.what to do now ?? Suggest something.could nearest Samsung service center help me ??
Phone is not working well...hanging every time..very bed product...pls do not buy due reasonable price ....waste of money...
Worst phone i ever bought,too much lagging issue,heating issue while charging,face recognition taking 2sec, two and half hour to get fully charged.
Display quality is good but temper glass not a well class normal used carefully
Never Buy this phone Its processer is very slow, hang problem Finger print also hang, Poor selfie quality,but battery life is good
Third class useless mobile, west of money, too much hang issue, and touch not responding  on many incoming calls,  have to lock and unlock to receive calls, Overall worst experience of 10 k range mobile
After 6 months, the charger stopped working.. now am charging my phone with charger that came with moto g5 i purchased 4 years back... Cant believe samsung makes such substandard product
There was no information regarding phone that it can use for india sale only i cant use my out side india sim  phone is not up to mark that it is loosing battery very frequently and become hot after few minutes
Touch panel has its own liking or disliking. Surprised and worried seems Samsung delivered phone with AI. Charging happens sometime in 1 hour sometimes even 3 hrs is less. Still service centre guy says "all is well"
Bad product don't buy... Bad camera quality and heating issues...
Don't buy it from darshita Electronics. Because the phone speakers starts giving a robotic sound seems very pathetic.
Writing , review after  a month of usage  Its a junk mobile which doesn't charge quick ... Its shows fast charging but its not charging fast 30 mins  it charges 6 % only .. I strongly suggest not to buy this model
it acts as if there is a ghost inside or outside and operates all by itself .. too bad .. please refund the amount.. very happy to return it. These problems and performance issues are very regularly experienced every day and every hour.
Worst product from Samsung don't buy this m20 mobile it's waste of money I bought 3 mobiles all mobiles are full software issue is there Samsung customers care is not supported to exchange this product under warranty in 10days also.....
The quality of Camara,fingerprint and battery life is average didn't reach my expectations......and the other disadvantages with this phone is 1.there is no I con for screen shot......2.this phone didn't have the app lock system........
I am facing problem with this handset: 1)For last 5 days, the touch screen does not work sometimes. 2) sometimes while charging a msg shows that phone is affected by moisture. I don't find any reason to b affected by moisture.
Dear sir/Madam,   I purchased this m20 blue 4gb ram+64 GB rom.Finger print sensor is slowly working and rear camera quality is also not good.please I want to improve these two conditions in android software.    Thanking u
Dont waste your money. I have never seen such a worst product. During watching videos and listening audio sound was automatically decreased . Camera quality poor.
Highlight: 1. Good battery life 2. Highly ok camera quality. 3. Finger print sensor slow or not able to respond. 4. Phone speed is slow. 5. Android pie update not available.
scrap phone, network problem ,hanging problem ,touch issue all the apps start to open and close without touching ,no response from the seller tried to return the product but was unable to return due to lake of support from customer  care and response.
There's a echo if I put the phone on speaker else everything works fine.
As you have mentioned that charging speed is fast using this charger but its too low as compare to regular charger....its big joke...If it is normal charger, why you mention that is faster ? Also face unlock also most of the time not working....
Phone is not good only the design and body is good performance is very bad touch not  work in some times i recommend it is not a good phone phone internet connection is very low speed battery last for 20 hours 2 hour need to full charge
Finger print scanner is not responsive. Display is too much tall for one hand operation. Plastic body is not good in quality. But better than previous overpriced Samsung models.
Make it sure that it is a quite much thick device made up of plastic feels very much heavy in hand not a premium feel Bad gaming expirence  go for m 30 if your pocket allows  Think before buying
The finger lock is very slow. Camera quality is Just OK OK types. Speaker is defective. Automatically it's voice becomes slow and loud. Can't here the media properly. The sound seems to be torn off kind many times.
Camera quality is pathetic, phone lags alot, pathetic processor, touchscreen is of poor quality, applications start on it's own, not very user friendly, don't get option in exchange. Very unsatisfied, unhappy with the phone.
Sir I bought Samsung m20 mobile in your online shop. Now I have 1 problem in my mobile.  My mobile in not charged 100%. Eventhough to reach 100% it takes 4 to 5 hours.  I don't know What I do. Is possible replace. Pl help me
Very worst product. I purchase mobile 2months only. Mobile not ON,Board issue. Samsung service centre not response. I am also terribly upset... Pls restore my mobile...Amazon personnel....
With 5000mA i was expecting atleast a day long battery life..... but it does not gives more than 18 to 20hrs of normal usage.... camera quality is bit ordinary.....operating speed is also below my expectation.....
Finally Samsung welcomed a Notch
Don't expect something spectacular Avg battery life Avg charging It's an average buy A 3 star product
Charging port issue exist. Unable to charge the phone.its througing USB moisture error. It's not really moisture may the poor quality of port or sensor
After using these phone for more than 6 months. This phone lags a lot when you try to type quickly or switch between apps. Screen touch doesnot work properly. Gets heated when playing game. It's ok for normal use only
Worst phone ever, it is now getting switched off often by itself 2-3 times in 10 mnts, had done factory reset twice in hope of resolving this issue and no improvement.  Buy this one if you have time for service center visits
Phone is laggy(even when used by my father who doesnt play games or use multiple apps) . Camera quality could have been better. Overall not so happy with the product. High end Samsung products are good,  but not so much the low ones..
Worst product.. there is signal problem with this hand set.. call drops.. The Same Sim works fine with signal in other J7 max Samsung.. PLEASE DON'T BUY.. THIS SET SAMSUNG SHOULD CHECK THE QUALITY .. SET HAS SIGNAL PROBLEM..
I thought this will be a good and durable phone. But in its 4th month only it started giving so many problems.. sensitivity is not at all under control. Keypad sensitivity is totally destroyed. Phone gets hannged 5 6 tyms in a minute.
Picture quality is  very good  but this phone have a hanging issue,  got so many time hang my phone,  and some app run automatically
All over good but sound output not good samsung this device, 11,000 rang best phone as u like
Battery performance is excellent, but processor is not good enough. The device is overall OK
During charging phone over heats and after removing of charging apps close automatically by displaying phone overheated apps will be closed with in 20 seconds, it is highly irritating. And rear camera poor quality in night light time. speed ok.
If you need battery package in this range it is best and camera is quite average it beautifies you over the range , and overall quite good phone
i dislike its heating problem when i charged this phone  than gets access heating i cant touch it
Priceworthy performance but both the camera's are disappointing...if u are looking for quality images then dont go for galaxy M20.poor camera .good battery ,you will get more than one day battery life.  Fingerprint readers are good .
It’s been 4 weeks I’m using this mobile and completely disastrous. Network signal totally sucks, Redmi is far better and could see the performance is going down everyday
Don't buy this Samsung m20 mobile. Already  I bought  m20 mobile on last Feb 13th.There was a  problem from last two weeks. This product has no battery life. It has no proper screen response.Finally this is a waste product.
Fingerprint reader is very slow sometimes have to touch twice or thrice to unlock And in mine handset handsfree mic doesn’t work. And their is little light visible from the top of the display little left to notch
I am fed up with the cell phone M20. I have tried to explain to Samsung service stations at Honda Goa as well as in Delhi.  My complaint is that call receiver cannot hear my voice after sometime on recieving call
After using for a month now I noticed a few things my phone is lagging and sometimes my fingerprint scanner doesn't read my finger print and the camera is so annoying so many filters even if we close them
Worst fingerprint reader ever, have to keep finger for at least 2 to 3 secs to unlock. Mobile goes not responding mode sometime, we had to lock and unlock to make it work. This issue observed since day 1. Camera is ok but in the low light the clarity won't be good.
product is very good but the build quality is very worst just I dropped from one and half feet the whole screen is broken even installed screen protector also Samsung should make a good quality product
It seem a lot that i have bought an advertisement display from samsung, Continous flashingbof unwanted ads on my locked and spare screen...turn my important activities to junk...
Face recognition is pathetic, charging is worst than lower versions of Samsung mobile. Battery backup is poor. Am really not happy with Samsung.. since 2008 I was away from the Samsung but made a mistake purchasing again now in 2019.
Mobile having a feature that it will not allow to charge the mobile if the charging port is having any moisture content,but it is irritating me, because how we can get it dry, if it dries automatically then it will helpful for users.
Worst phone I have ever seen. The basic functionality itself not works. Not able to answer incoming calls. I have already returned one phone due this issue and my replaced device also had the same issue. Finally, not worth for money.
Screen quality of M-20 is one of the poorest in the league. The screen liquid has been damaged within 3 months from the date of buying and samsung doesn't cover it under the warranty scheme. Very sad for my choice  of going for M-20.
Unnecessary ads pop up on the screen and there is no option to remove the ads. The camera quality is good with regards to the price. The battery life is fine.
I’m not satisfied as the phone is hanging and the apps are not working fine but when I diagnose with smart check app it shows everything is working fine and the amazon customer support not accepting for return.This phone is not worth
Attention! Attention! Attention! Plz dont buy this third quality phone ....very low grade quality and hanging problem camera is very poor over all experience is very worst this device is made with very cheap material and I never recommend such a down grade device
Not good I have visited to service center more than fifteen time totally west of money
Pros 1. Very good battery life 2. Great display(samsung specialty) 3. Speakers are good  Cons 1. Hangs often like other mid range samsung phones
Its is no backup battery  one coming charging but GPS starts 6 hours coming mobile hanging mono audio not working too bad don't buy this product mi note4 is better phone
Not as specified . After one month with internal memory more than 80 percent free phone started hanging with excess heating issue
Worst mobile - Mobile Given better performance for only 3 months - After that Mobile hanging , Fast charging not happening - Charger Connector not supporting - Whole night charging only 50% of battery.
It takes in moisture in the charging port and blocks charging until the moisture is dry sometimes you have to wait 20 hrs(whole day and night) till moisture is dry and you can  charge your phone again.
Worst phone ever...asks for update every other day ..poor camera quality...internet is also not working properly,I tried using all the network  providers and have also done all the settings...its been a month and it hangs frequently
I bought Samsung M20 few days back. New mobile has many issues. The screen flickers often. Poor quality testing and QA process. Defective products launched in the market without proper due process followed. Avoid buying Samsung M20.
Phone is good but i think mine one is Defective Piece as the selfie Camera slowly got the dust in it after the 2-3 months.. but i didn't want to use repaired mobile so i didn't go to service center.. Including the Pictures fo selfie camera but really it's CHEAP..
Face recognition and finger scan is of average quality. Takes time to adopt for surrounding light. Average touch sensitivity and accuracy. Average camera quality....
Overall nice device but network issue is there in this device. Same SIM cards was using on MI phones give better network coverage, but in this device network coverage is so pathetic.
Very poor picture quality and battery backup very poor
The Mobile Is Okk Selfie camera is okk loudspeaker and sound is low.. take more charging time. But Samsung brand thtsway its taking more Price then others.. in This Price many Mobile giving Many Features and Best Camera..
I had a very bad experience with this phone and I suggest all my dear frnd dont buy this phone if your phone get miss from your hand the screen will get broken and u have to spend 4500 for replacement. Phone is very slow. Please dont buy this
Worst touch screen it got scratches just in few days of use and plastic back is too is very low quality it got scratches 3ven by small grains of dust. Really disappointing I was not expecting these cheap materials from Samsung company.
I would suggest not to go with m10 or m20 phones by samsung. Hell lot of lagging issues. Looking forward to sell it after using for 1 month. No software updates to over issue of lag.
Front camera working as like sensor for auto brightness. Face recognition is also slow. Mobile is good, camera picture quality is good, Battery life is good 3/5
Display problem but company not accept in warranty
On 16th feb mobile is delivered the first i took is one selfie with my bro , for first time it hanged. Not able to go back , home .its hanging... scroll is not workinb properly.  While watching videos in face book pop up appears at the interval .
Very worst experience. Please don't buy this product. After one month of usage, battery unable to charge even after replacing the cable by Samsung service center issue not resolved. Samsung service is not ready to replace the unit.
Bakwas phone 1 mahine phle Liya hai ab charger pr lgate hi switch off charger se htate hi switch off Or charging pe lge lge phone on kro to switch off  Konsi nai bimari aa hai ye phone me  DISGUSTING Really
Fingerprint reader good Camera quality good Battery life is also very good
I had not got any phone cover any glass any earpiec !! Even i had only got a 2.V charger except of 15V ,  Amazon site is not good for shop.., we should try , flipkart _snapdeal even more better than this amazon
Battery life is super Camera quality is normal Finger print scanner is ok ok after 2 months of use it (4Gb, 64Gb) Hangs alot, which is very irritating
Without headphone all the fun of this phone hv lots plz provide good quality samsung headphone then lover of samsung phone will be happy ...
Front camera is very poor... i mean very very pooooooooor....don't buy this if you like to take selfies. Really very poor. I am disappointed.
As usual, Samsung phones got start hanging after using 2-3 months.
Hangs alot. Showing its true colours after minimal usage. Waste of money. Too many ads pop up
Very Poor quality, getting hang, poor camera, audio is not pleasant, getting hot, taking much time to charge
First of all legging problem in call function.  And heating problem during call and data uses . And this handset having hanging problem after updates .
1.Camera quality is very very poor 2. Size of the body is big not a thin..  It should be very thin; easy to handle
Just a useless phone. Reviewing after use of 6 months. Just useless....even data on the phone got lost.. I have used phones almost every company.. I highly recommend you not to buy any series of Samsung phones
This one is very bulky phone , charges at average speed better is M30 but light Weight and good one is A series only M series is heavy one. If u r spending 13k spend 2k more and get good one A series
Phone is good in budget segment. I am facing lags slow down of phone during cast screen feature.Somtime Ui freezes after opening heavy apps and phone restarts itself.but it can be solved by software update if they will provide it.Front Camera is below average and back camera is average.
The fast charging feature is depends on voltage of your home..if your voltage is good than it will fill to 100% in 45min otherwise it should take more than 3hrs.. and initially battery life was good but now it's performance worst.
My overall experience with this phone has been the worst. Hangs very often.touch is too bad.Though Camery quality and the battery life is very good.
I will never buy Samsung products and suggest to all that Samsung galaxy m20 have got about 21 to 25 time hang problem in just 30 days of use. Sometimes it runs itself. So I am unsatisfied with big BRAND samsung.
The look of the phone is great. I remember my first phone is Samsung. It was delivered on 3rd July today is 10th August. The phone failed to show display. This is where Samsung failed. Go for MI or Huawei which are best
Worst mobile phone. Display got off after 10 day of purchase. Service centre is full of complaints with M series phones. Do not buy.
Like camera and gaming performance Battery life is awaysom no heating problem But dislike one is scan the phone in some files error and delete and no bad
This phone is always hanging off all the times... I feel so bad for this product.. Even I never expected this from Amazon and Samsung brand..
Phone with 4 gb ram and 64 gb internal storage is running slower than a 2gb ram and 8gb storage phone. Perfectly done samsung. Product looks good but can barely complete the functions of calling and typing without significant lag.
Sometimes touch screen not works properly. Sometimes it appears that phone is hanging slightly.  Battery and rear camera is super duper perfect.
I received manufactured defective item. First one week was fine then started hangging with out touching the screen multifunction happening. Not able to receive proper network signal.  I felt they got me to sell defective price to me.
There is no protection on the screen, even a slight drop shattered the screen into pieces. There are other phones at half the price which offer better screen than this one. And Lots of bloatware in the phone.
Very bad product of Samsung. Hangs every 2 mins. Screen gets stuck and it automatically opens different different apps. Suddenly makes call to anyone on it's own..Irritating. even when I am writing this, it got stuck 2times.
This is the worst phone ever used. Before completing 15 to 20 days it's display is damaged we haven't used it properly but the employees of service centre our not listening anything. I would recommend all of uh not to purchase it
Worst mobile ever seen before plz dont go for it ....I'm using this touch doesn't works properly, no. Issues are there in Mseries mobiles
Camera bad , face Id unlock with photo copy and network issues, and display over up body ,don't buy Samsung phone
Delivery was so quick.  Pros: Budge phone with high end specs at this price.  Cons: Phone is getting heated within 10-15mins of normal phone call. (Any possible solution for this)
The phone is one of the best phone with very good battery backup. The camera quality is not very good  compared to similar ranged phones. Finger print reader is also not so fast in the section. Display quality is good.
Phone is ok, but battery is not up to the expectation. Fast charging is not working.
Finger print is not working properly camera quality is not good  but battery life is very good. If you wanna buy for battery than it is good but for other features like camra processors is not good.
Pretty Average Phone...App lags all the time even if you don't play games...over heating issues...Camera is average... Display is good... Battery is good.
After few days this phone is autometicly play it mean this phones all function autometicly open without touch the screen now i hate this phone
Worst product.  Standard is below  Micromax. Calling is very sluggish.  Very poor performance.  Apps are not installed and if installed they are not running.  Hanging problem in 2 weeks use . Processor is not suitable for playing candy crush also
Phone screen size given fake infermation, camera not good focus,battery automatically consuming u get only half day using. Very bad phone..
Front camera quality was too poor as compared to other company's phone between this price segment so if you are looking for camera purpose then don't buy it , go for redmi they provides great phones with theri best price segment
Very bad..Wanted to gift this to my dad..But I received kind of used product..There were scratches in back panel. This will be my last purchase in Amazon..Very dissappointed. Package is also not good. Very bad service.
Got handset with small damage. I ignored it but now it's power button not working & Samsung service center not support to replace power button. I was shocked in box pack handset with small crack. Not expected brand like Samsung.
Build in quality is worst , if from mistake your phone falls, there is quite high chances that it's screen will crack (even after applying tempered glass) , so i suggest don't purchase samsung mid range phone , rest is your wish
Battery Life very good.Picture quality not good.sound quality ok.Processor not working properly .This phone gives me very bad  impression  about Samsung Brand. Atleast this should work properly.Price does not matter,it should work properly.
Writing this review after using the phone for some time... I would suggest to go for MI phones as u can get much better option at this price. The phone hangs a lot and finger sensor is also unresponsive most of the times. Camera is also average.
Camera is avrage but battry life was super and fingerprint is little slow than MI mobiles but this is best mobile for gamers and students But it is not gaming mobile because it was some time lag and  heating so much
The things I have listened are come to be true. This device get heated unexpectedly even in a small use of internet. When I am charging the device for sometimes it heats. So heating problems is continuing with device.
Very poor performance phone, touch screen not working properly even touch is randomly working automatically. Camera quality is like VGA camera of late 2005-06. I will never buy any phone in flash sale. Not recommended this phone at all.
camera quality is worst according to other Samsung mobile, not getting any quality of 13MP, other features are ok.  need to make return.
Lock not work Battery is very quick drain Waste 5000mah battery Is not 5000mah. Only 12 hours charge is run Already use 3000 mah battery is same 12 hours
While using internet  M20 is over heating so please don't  purchase it i want exchange this devise with another so please give me option for it
fingerprint reader and face sencer is very poor, please do not buy this phone. battery life is good, processer is good, camara quality is very bad. Hanging problem after 6 month using.
Very bad experience please don't buy go for vivo oppo. M40 is very bad for navigation when i use earphones on bike for navigation. Its says after screen off 'signal lost' its very irritating. Want to change as quick as possible.
Worrest products from samsung Samaung will become Nokia. Waste of money. There is not negitive stars. Face unlock not working.
Performance of this product is not good. I approached to samsung service center at BARNALA. Stated that Software have to change. Now I can't download anything. Play Store not working. Will you replace the set. Please do favour.
I bought samsung m20 mobile on 26.02.2019.  After using it about two months, the battery failed to charge properly.  Though I kept charging for four hours, it charged only 20%.  Totally disappointed with the mobile and samsung.
Worst mobile please don't buy. Struggled a lot to return it. Never expected Samsung will compromise in Quality. Worst Camera pictures looks very artificial. At last returned and got refund. And purchased Samsung A30 from store.
Worst Product. I have just used this mobile for 15 days and its display automatically damaged from inside. And Amazon and Samsung both are not taking responsibility for this. Very bad service from both Companies.
I have received the worst product in my whole life .the phone is too lagy and even the camera quality is very very poor .it's not at all a good phone  for this price point.i am very annoyed and upset after receiving the product
Very bad experience. Defective product received. The cell phone is hanging up again and again.i recently visited to Samsung Care Center they checked my phone and said that your phone have some sort of manufacturer default.
I will gave overall rating 3. Battery disappointment me alot, backup is not like 5000mah seems to be like as 3000mah. No slow motion recording. PUBG game not running  smoothly. Lagging is very much
poor touch... Paid reviews... nothing more to say.. regret buying it. Imagine to scroll, type Facebook & Instagram worst nightmare
1.Product is good but handset is going very hot with in 5 minute use 2.Batery life not like 5000mah it just like 3000mah battery.batery life time is not more than 8 hrs
Camera quality Its not much good Finger print and battery life is good Face unlock not working as expected Network issues voice losts while talking asked to @amazon but they didnt replaced mobile.
Just a basic samsung product . I wanted it for my dad , thatsy i purchased it . ordinary mobile , nothing special . If you want to gift to any elder , then u may purchase just for the brand value.
Product safety is not good..My phone slips to my hand and the phone screen break although it has a 6d touchguard but touchguard has not broken...Overall it is a good phone...Battery life is awesome but safety is disappointing..
i had buy this phone on 7th may i received on 9th but i am facing much problem in this phone like No application install by play store  but after some day its solved automatically, Samsung doesnt give earphone, phone back cover.
Always resist to buy Samsung,  go for Samsung after long time..still the lag which I feel in Samsung phone is there...c'mon make some snappy phones  Do not give pre installed bundles app nobody wants them
no aesthetics what so ever, no wonder M series do sale only offline, no one will buy after seeing this phone first. looks like a block of box from 10 year back.
Ok nice mobile.  but mobile phone sometimes videos online  movie automatic sleep mode doing on & this mobile phone  very hosting hot to bad.
I have selected 1 star rating.. but this handset not eligible for any star. Waste of money.  Software problem, customer care service problem, lagging many times, worst camera & their features.bluetooth not working. Wi-fi not working.
Worst selfi camera ever seen. If you are even interested 5% in selfi click, please please please don't buy this product. Other features are ok but again not satisfied with processor. Overall not advisable product from samsung.
Worst phon takes minutes to recognize face Charging speed worst it takes 10 hours to fully charge Battery backup lasts only 10 hours 5k MAH is fake 4 GB RAM and processor very slow
Worst product not value for money
Initially faced charging issue after flashing of software it was alright.  Hearing sound quality is very bad and made compliant twice not solved.  Need to be replaced , not even 3 months
Been using this for 4 days. The phone is very slow compared to my redmi note 4. Touch is very slow. Battery isn't long lasting. Overall, too much hanging issues. Very poor interface. Not worth the price. Thinking of replacing.
Hello , I purchased M20 on may 08..now my device not working its fully shutdown . Within 3 months the device down and sti i have to pay the emi .If something can be done from amazon please do let me know .
Camera clarity is not good as compere to price battery life is good fingerprint sensor also working slowly. If Samsung taken an 12000 then he should provide a good camera some screen gesture and powerful headphones.
Camera quality is very very poor (poorness at its peak). Mobile is too slow in working, Total wastage of money, Got slow in one month only with less amount of data  #wastage of money product
Guys don't run behind battery there's no such a backup, another issue when i connect hotspot to my pc it frequently disconnecting
Hello Amazon,  There’s frequent network disconnection in this phone whereas my other phone MI Note7 in the same place on same network is perfectly working good without interruption.  Please can you help???
I bought on 21st September 2019.  its internal storage is only 32 GB, Also only 3GB Ram . Charger is not working now. When i tried to exchange for a new M20 it shows as " exchange not available for your location " .
Don't buy it waste of money just buy other brands camera quality is not good even my 5 mp phone can shoot better photo than it and there is bugs in system sometimes mobile hangs and you need to use physical buttons to use it.
Worst phone. I want to return it because the apps open slow and i was using mi 5. This is in no comparison with that phone.  Responese of phone is slow. I keep on pressing buttons but phone dosent respond.
Worst product don't buy it I'm using it and replaced it but having same issue hanging camera not opening  every time to restart handset app crashing. Worst product never ever bought this product . 3gb ram works like 1 gm ram.
It's hanging many times but battery is good. Not working for urgent time, after software update many options were disable in it, very disappointed, after blocked a number still iam received call from that number. Worth less..
Phone is working slow and hanging problem within one week use after software updation and also slow charging problems.. do not buy Samsung go with Mi  which are gives good quality phone in low price then Samsung.
Samsung intentionally not given software features. Not giving updates also. No gorila Corning hence display broken twice and display cost is very high Rs.4500/- display cost in samsung service center. Not to buy..
It's so sad to say that my M20 is now in service center. It works only 28 days then got complaint, ( hanging, touch automatically working).
Its hanging with very basic apps do not buy this phone. Very slow processing, keypad pressing something else lit of problem in ui I am updating my review so that other customers should be aware about it. Really very bad phone...
Screen size is pretty good , user interface is better but Front camera is not that great and Battery life is okay plus the phone speed is normal could have been better
I got it for 8991/- after applying offers. I Like it very much. But Few problems of hanging sometimes. And charging port problem showing message "Moisture has been detected" etc etc. But overall is good phone at this budget.
Phone hangs most of the time. I have faced the problem like phone operates on its own which is very Crazy. Camera is not so good. Finger sensor works very slow. It's better to go for any other products other than Samsung M20
Worst product, not working properly charger panel, slow process. Totally not recommend to buy this product. Dear amezon team please stop to promote this this type worst products. I paid RS.10500/- not a small amount....
I have been using this product from past 2months and I find its camera quality very good.... n I received the product as shown in pictures... battery life is also once full charged it last for 2 days while using Internet. ..
Worst Camera and very slow even unlocking  phone take 20 Seconds. I think I received defective product. I am 100% not happy with M20 mobile. Kindly help to get replacement of this mobile..
my review after using 4 months its battery life is like 2000mah phones camera quality is below avg performence is not good face lock don't work properly don't buy this go for m30
Touch screen m thodi GADBAD H baki sb theek h  Processing b thodi MTLAB kaam to chal jata h pr thodi or fast hoti to mza aa jata  Face unlock bekaar h MTLAB bilkul bekar
just value for buck.. don't expect to much.. the display is good.. but even basic games like candy crush show a stutter..
Face unlock very bad.. some times not working and not work in low ligt Network issues Battery performance super 10k budget in superb phone in 1week use
Mobile performance is up to standard ,there are better choices available in market It seems Samsung standards are gone
I am facing some touch problem, also while charging phone will go on silent mode when you have an incoming call.
Battery draining fast...but charging is also too fast. sim network all the  time fluctuate. Because Its handset issue. And also this device is not compatible for PUBG.
The phone started having problems with 2 months. By 4th month it shut off completely. Samsung isn't replacing the phone. It's saying there is only 2 week warranty on it. Would advise not to buy. Camera not very good either.
this smart phone buy few days back, now i am using dual sim & whats app, now a days very slow and unable to attend call suddenly the screen blank invisible to find who call me, pls review if someone facing the same problem.
Some how despite having 5000 mah, the system program  seems to eat away most of it. Tried stopping most apps that run in background but still of no use. At times phone hangs. But overall , I think it's value driven product.
Westage smart phone in the world samaung is making fool to the customer not a good quality product from this product china phone is more durable then this m20 .. with in one month i broken the phone becouse of waste quality
All are good but touch are so bad when down the Sutter , unlock the phone password , touch didn't work many time and again it work good... I don't understand about samsung and om surprise that samsung ki touch itni bekar...
Not good work after 2 days
V bad product it's performance not match to samsung brand it is like Chinese local products  start hang in one week v slow and picture quality is third class only batey backup is good in this phone but all over third class product first time from Samsung brand
Phones body getting scratches easily..and dust making the body more scratches. Camera quality is not that much good. Battery is ok to say but not excellent. Media sound need more clarity.
DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM AMAZON AND THEY ARE SENDING DEFECTED PEACE AND THIS MOBILE GETTING TOO MUCH HEAT WHILE WE SPEEKING, BROWSING L, LISTINING SONGS AND WORST PRODUCT AND DONT BUY FROM THIS AMAZON
Worst mobile i have ever used.poor touch response.i am really frustated with this mobile. I have much faith in samsung mobile.but this mobile makes me more disappointment. I never expect this from samsung mobile.
asper my view,M20 is not a good phone,it is hanging many times. only battary life is very good. image quality is not so good. many times face recognigation not working properly.
Its display is worst. If u even put it in pocket the display gets break and they dont cover warrant for that. Most of the customers are into customer care service center beacuse of this issue.
Don't buy ever never this phone,  you never get satisfactory phone from samsung under 30000. Very Bad processor, worst chipset
No earphone with M20 Speaker Audio average Camera quality average not so good After 4 month touch not working properly.so not buy M series mobiles.
It automatically switches off and restart. Sometime you are in middle of something and it reboots or automatically something gets touch by itself and some auto selection goes on.
This phone is very bad . Hanging  problem in videos and games. I had done a big mistake by choosing this phone . Wastage of money. Don't buy this phone. They tell 4gb ram but not working as per 3gb ram.
30 DAYS BACK only I bought this product. During rainy season, it got humidity inside, and not working. On showing service centre, they say water is not covered in warranty. When product is not humidity-proof what is the use. I will not make mistake of buying it again.
Never ever buy Samsung phones.. many of my friends suggested not to buy this phone, but didn't listen to them.. now I am suffering.. extremely slow.. sometimes touch do not work and many other issues..
Sorry I am having a problem with the key pad when I type and the space note gets stuck..so the words are coming wrong ..is there anyway you can exchange the product for me ..please help tx I am an sen .citizen 🙏
Brought  m20 two days before facing heating issue while downloading  any apps or even if  uae continously  for 20-30 minutes getting heated, does any one faced similar issue ? so thought  to return phone or any software update  will fix the heating issue.
worse camera ever....... fingerprint reader its always a surprise because you won't know where is it placed every time you try to unlock it... best part is they are not even  allowing you to return it.
Don't buy it can use in only speaker mode.network signal issue.  it has no gorilla glass.customer care centre say signal is low for body safety. It is totally unacceptable reason.samsung hi hi 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭
This phone has network connectivity issues, the same SIM works good in others phones, but I use it in M20 is always gets network issues, internet,call connectivity issues . Not happy with it.
Handset display not working properly lock side button not working properly when call comes some times not showing on display
Worst phone I ever purchased.  Finger print sensor, face deduction sensor is very bad quality, not working properly.  Screen is of very ordinary glass, lots of scratches on screen just to put in pocket.
Good product in small budget.. Battery life also good.. But Handfree not provide with the product.. which should be required... Also software features not much good as compare to redmi mobile software features...
Touch and fingerprint sensor was somewhat slow as compared to other phones. Say, xiaomi note 5. 5000 mah battery doesn't make any edge over 4000 mah. Moreover, phone was somewhat heavier to hold due to large battery.
This mobile not supported  with internet access and internet speed is very poor in this device. This mobile is poor I am not buying again Samsung mobiles it's quality very low. Please not buying this any person.
So bad experience with samsung m20 last morning it switch off automatically and does not switch on.. Need help for warranty..  I lost my purchased bill .. Please send me my bill copy for warranty.. Please please
Dont buy this mobile...after using for one month i am writing this review... 1) worst front camera 2) hanging a lot 3)touch is not working smothly
Camara quality is worst.  Don't expect even 10% value for the money.  Literally wasting money if you purchase this mobile and there is no return policy for this phone
Started hanging within 15 days of use . I wasn’t willing to go for samsung at all but was tempted by the features. Really regretting it now. It doesn’t need any touch to work , because it’s touch is working on its own .
Screen freezing problem is very much seen in phone .
Phone heats up and battery drains fast ; The phone just restarts randomly. Utterly disappointed.
After the software updates the phone freezes and misbehaves many times to the point where it's really irritating. I was really happy initially when I purchased the phone but now I'm just disappointed.
Over all mobile phone is good, but finger print sensor  not as effective  as other phones, some times  it takes too long to detect fingerprint.  Notification  LED is missing,  If you planning  to buy opt for 64 GB variant.
1) I dislike processor. 2) Display and touch performance is poor during game... 3) front  camera and wide angle give (vga) quality...poor quality.. LIKE...I like bettry And the fast charging
Finger results is bed, Iam purchased on 12 feb and mobile is start to hang, battery backup is bad only 12 hrs. so please carefully buy it.
I bought M20 on 8 feb, there are so many problem in this phone. This phone going hang in so many time.. Maxximum Network Issue..
Hi This is not performing well, and getting heat and hanging very frequently. Am not happy with this product.
Mobile display is quite good, but my mobile started hanging and even automatically pressing any thing with in 3 weeks of purchase. Read some more reviews who are facing same issue. I will not recommend this mobile to anyone.
This device is not working properly, i am facing so many problem about this device like over heating, hang device, and music sound is very low. so kindly request to please replace this mobile phone and provide new phone.
This product is best for who are not interested  playing games like pubg but not for the gamers on playing  pubg the game got lags even it is an 4gb ram phone at these price I suggest  to go for honor or Xiaomi
Touch not working properly, It works as robot without our cosign. Spoken to Amazon technician but unable to resolve the issue.
Heating issues of processor on internet surfing  within 10 minutes even in full network. Using this device for 2 months only and I don't play large memory consuming games but this device is suffering from heating issues.
The phone is awesome, bought it for my wife, very slim and easy to handle, the phone is not that heavy, battery life is good, the camera quality is good for such a low price. Thanks to amzon for such quick delivery.
Bought 32 GB model  and amongst them almost 29GB consumed by its internal process and System app. Lookwise phone is great and C type charging port helps fast charging
Phone is below as I expected and as uasual Samsung still not able to get out from the traditional trend.
This is the worst product I ever had. Very Slow performance after installing applications. Never go for this phone. And also If you want to replace it you cannot replace it with other brand you have to buy this product only again.Worst Replacement policy by amazon.
Call recording is not ther Problem in charging Jack
I bought this product and just as the 10 day free replacement warrenty was over the screen display went off. Could not do any thing with the phone. Cant even reset the phone. Did not expect this from a Samsung phone.
Not worthy... Now Samsung launched M30...M30 having Amoled display but this phone m20 is TFT..
Mobile is worst. Please don't waste your money by seeing the brand of mobile. Camera quality is very cheap quality.
I bought this phone in feb 2019 its not even 6 months and display isnt working... So disappointed by the quality.. I want amazon to replace my screen as soon as possible.. As it has 1 year warranty along with the device
Buy this phone for normal daily usage. ofcourse Samsung phone display is always excellent battery in this phone is so good but bad camera and touch, games running smooth in 4gb variant 9verall a good phone at this price
The phone is an average phone. Especially 3gb version is not worth buying as it lacks in speed and hangs when multiple apps are opened. Battery life is good as of now, but can't comment much on battery as its still new.
Worst phone ever seen....Voice is breaking whenever we speak on phone. Got replaced with new Samsung M20 but still facing the same issue.  Pathetic support by Amazon team as well. Not ready to refund my amount
It's worst phone with very poor  connectivity over call.  Features are lacking.  Many apps do not run.. overall not to buy at all, digitally from Amazon,  add they don't support return services.. flipkart is better site
Received a defective product. The call clarity is worst. I have been using samsung mobiles from last ten years and my all family members use samsung but never saw this type of worst quality.  I am returning the product.
Fingerprint sensors were not fast and having 5000 battrry is just a buzz. Fast Charging is not fast and quality is not per as expected from Samsung but what should i expect from 10k Phone. I think Mi is a better option.
Just opened the box, disappointed to see the outside box was damaged and the putter protection cover for the mobile full of dust.. there is minor scratches on the bottom.
The worst phone from Samsung .  Finger sencer is too slow. Raised Screen trouble while operating. Network issue is there in this mobile . This I had crosscheckd with operator as well.
West of money...battery life is not like 5000 mh...I was wasted my money to by this phone...each and every problems in the phone...it is hanging to mich...slower..west battery life...just like a bad hand set.
Ear speaker sound is horrible.. Its a defective product.. Plzz take back this product and refund my money in original form in my bank account or replace this phone and give another piece.. Waiting for the resolution.
Dont buy this phone while playing PUBG it heats alot
1. Return policy Amazon very bad service 2.samsung m20 heating issue 42 to 43 temperature 3. Call,msg,not Notification light 4. Charge speed normal 1.20 full charge 5.Fornt camera very bad...
The phone look amazing! but, the camera quality is not upto the mark as wel as the fingerprint reader. Battery life is ok. Will look for a better one in the future.
It's not connected to network there is a problem in network
Once again I received a defective product from amazon. I am very disappointed with amazon service and Samsung. Why quality check is not performed before packaging. I have received Samsung mobile with dents in its edges
Many of the times it hangs....its battery is not upto the mark....front camera is a disaster......it is not fast that much as compared to its 4 gb ram and processor..... Overall i am dissatisfied with the phone...
Better display and premium looks! Got promotional offers from amazon! Got the 3+33GB varient for 9,990/-! Nice camera and all❤️ Requires software update. Still running on old Samsung ui! Updates are expected!
Battery life good. Bed Internet serving, if you're in low networking area can't serving internet. It's big problem. Also always show weak network signal. Another thing if open your mobile always advertise will be come.
M20 mobile worst experience no security folde touch not satisfied
Phone not at all meets expectations. Very poor quality, given for service thrice ,yet no solution  available  for screen flickering problem.face recognition  also very slow.screen behaves abruptly..
Look was very Good but Camera quality was Not Good just Ok. Finger print Work smoothly. FACE LOCK also Good and battery life Was very Good full day multitasking.
It's a Third class Mobile From SAMSUNG, Camera quality is low, like a Multimedia  mobiles it's not clear.  Fake Camera ... 13+5 and 8 Mp Its Not working  like Camera of Other Mobiles  .. Taking Blur Images.
This m20 is a fatty and bulky phone. It heats on calling, lags on basic apps like tiktok and battery life isn't great.  My phone has dust in the camera and signal issues
Samsung M 20 very poor response in touch. most of time Phone screen move automatically, if you want to fix this then phone hang. I bought 2 phone and both have same problem within one month. Very Poor phone by Samsung till date.
Sometime Not clear sound when I call someone & sometimes I have to call 2times due to his voice not lessen, after 1month charging  get slower, I got this problem after 10days otherwise definitely I will return the mobile
Face recognize is very poor . Contact app is very poor ,contact can vanish at any point of time . This product is not good .
User interface is too lagy in 4gb model.. camera quality is not good.. only battery is good.. if it comes in under 9k any offer then it may be be good otherwise waste of money...
I have not satisfied with galaxy m20 as in the box I didn't got 15watt charger or 3amp charger but I got usual chager5v 2amp and I have bought variant 3gb ram 32 GB internal memory but the phone is not so smooth it uses huge ram
1.Phone is hanging 2.Touch was not working properly and phone is shivering into other apps automatically 3.picture is too blur
I like in this product is Mobile Look Its Look Amazing But Dislike is Mobile Battery What The commitment They Have done aBout Battery That Battery Backup is good but Battery is Not Good As I Expect . Only Battery Problem I got in this Fone . Rest all Things Are Good  ..
Lags ...acts wierd.. gets too hot..damn it may explode.. in only 2 months...  Screen resolution and clarity is good battery life is two day for avg user.
camera quality is very good ...front quality is superb ....battery life and charging quality also good fast android charging one time fully charged....use it 24 hours...regulerly
The issue with the phone is that the battery  as you mentioned  it is 5000mah . Even if I keep the phone in  aeroplane mode it was in 88% and after 3 r 4 hours even I did not even touch the phone the battery % has reached  60% so why is it like that , this is not at all fair guys
its getting heated everyday,and charging speed is slow. nor finger print is working...even the face recognition stopped working...
The worst mobile in this range.. first time i choose Samsung and it disappointed very badly with performance. Its slower than my old 2gb Redmi phone
Looks great..... but not satisfied with performance. Issues are as follows Over heating heavily.  Some times apps are not opening.  Samsung bluetooth 'Level U' is not connecting.
Overall the phone is nice and a budget phone but with some cons like heating issues while playing high end games like pubg and the network issues kust be solved
I bought this smartphone on 14aug2019, and now its 6sept..... But there is a problem in this smartfone... I dont know why this smartfone ear speaker is not working now.... Kindly help me...
Don't buy samsung phones. This phone as expected hangs and this happens to every Samsung phone. Total waste of money instead go for redmi they never slows down.
This devise is not good in observe the internet date signal. It is not working under fan or in closed Air conditioned rooms.  Fed up with performance.
It's good. But loads of lag. It is very slow and phone overheats. Also battery runs out fast. Camera is not so good. Don't recommend. Get a motorola instead.
Very bed mobile  don't  buy.  Battery  not work like 5000mah. Touch is not work properly.  Overheating and phone switch  off at Delhi April  month summer.  Networks  is lost  randomly.
Defective piece delivered by Amazon. Body near rear cam is not even and when i unpacked the box, found dust on screen on and under body n screen protector.. Seems re-packed or refurbished one
Face recognition slow Fingerprint also slow Handset speed isalso slow Handset must little bit expanded in width
My phone is not proper working and display is not proper working please return phone
All services r best by m20 but large problem with network... All Type of networking stranth always low.... and its very big point for samsung.... and now mobile is auto curved i dont know but its very big problem
I want to return my product..since iam not satisfied with this product..very worst product pathetic purchase...mobile dead with in 3 months
Even if you don't use the phone for half a day most of the battery is being discharged.  I haven't checked about picture and sound quality
Iam using this mobile for 2 months cons camera quality is not so good...its just ok its not super amoled screen...its just hd screen its just ok i faced some connection issues  i suggest to samsung m30
pubg to bhool hi jao ki achha chlega.. smooth and low graphics m bi kbi kbi hag deta h(4/64) bi.. or medium graphics m to paddo phtt jati h iski.. or ha daily usage m daily hagta h  never buy if you below 50 age 😱👊
Very good battery back up... other than this nothing special... phone has a heating problem.. when compared to other mobiles signal sensing capacity is little bit low... overall just average.. not upto Samsung range.
THERE IS NO GALLERY LOCK,, ISSUE WHILE USING MOBILE DATA ISSUE WHILE ON CALL THERE IS A SOUND IN BACKGROUND WHIS IS IRRITATING
The handset stopped responding to touch and swipe. Phone got stuck to the home screen. Finger print sensor stopped responding. The phone is completely hang to the lock screen. Unable to power off.
Camera and battery is good.. But the phone is slow in processing speed... very slow response in displaying the contact name in incoming calls..  phone gets hanged automatically sometimes which is not ok for 4GB RAM..
To be in the market Samsung had launched this mobile Not worth for money Day 1 its self started hanging and finger recognition is worst
1. Charge bht jaldi hota hai 2. Smooth  handling 3. Internal capacity  huge 4. Hang nhi hota 5. Camera  v thik hai  Pr mera front screen  tut gya 1 mahine k bad hi😔
Started hanging Battery life crippled after a months usage As an icing on the cake, the charging pin got shot in just 1 and a half month.  I don’t know if it was a damaged peace or what
Not catching the 4g network properly... What is the use of big battery and fingerprint reader if have a slow network...my old oppo phone is better than this...camera is soso...
Good budget phone In Samsung series. Camera quality is good. Good battery backup. Everything is good but the only problem is phone is hanging many times
Battery fault problems aya tha to maine return krr diya  baad me mujhe cashback mila
Display is good, but overall this is worst mobile in this price range. No notification or indication light, heavy in weight, and thickness is also more than 8mm. I never recommend this mobile to buy.
Its picture quality & sound quality is osm...... once cahrge 1 day battery backhup.....camera average......osm look......Smooth playing game PUBG.....after 6 months its touch doesn't work  some time........its battery life is good.....
I suggest dont go for this handset..i brought m20 with 4gb configuration handset but not satisfied..phone get hangs multiple time, brightness issue, display quality is too low and not a good quality of speaker used.
It's a surprise from my hubby. I don't like Samsung so I gave it off to a friend within a week. Loved camera though.
Very very poor quality phone. It has got a black thumb sized mark on the lower right part of the screen. And the customer care services regarding replacement is also very bad.
Very bad screen quality, touch quality also down... screen resolution very bad.. third class camera quality..  I am regular Samsung phone user since last 6 years. Very bad experience with last two phones ON6 and M20.
It's my worst experience with Samsung. Its sim card slot not reading,speaker quality is not good and I am unable to connect net via mobile data or wifi
Product camera is not as per mentioned specs .  It’s Not at all a gaming phone .
After only 10 days of this phone , it is having some serious troubleshooting issues .infact at 4gb ram pubg is not running at balanced graphics also and frame rate must be low. Total waste if looking for a performance smartphone
Camera is nice. Battery life also very good. But the problem is speaker. If the ph is in loudspeaker mode, the sound quality detorates. Some sound noise is there.
It took 2 hours to charge the battery from 54 to 100 percentage and moreover I have not inserted SIM yet but the log is showing total voice call 7 hours 25 min Have I paid for the refurbished mobile.
1. Hang multiple times 2. 4G network is very slow but others ph it's working perfect. 3. Fingerprint slow day by day. 4. Cemera worst experience with Samsung. 5. It's very basic phone.
Poor quality of camera fingerprint reader is something else I am battery life is Google good
Not received my cashback although I paid thru HDFC bank debit card. I was supposed to get Rs1000 Discount.but all fake advertisements.
This model has too many errors in software. Like its touch screen is not proper sensitive, misbehaving to open applications because of touch pad. finger print sensor is also worst. TOTALLY WORST MOBILE...
I purchase 4days before.. Battery poor back up.. Only off date.. I contact customer care.  Customer care person told mobile factory reset.. After use problem solve.  But problem not solve.. I returned mobile..
Defected device...Sim card disconnect randomly since i recieved mobile....i have applied for replace device but customer care not responding well....i did whatever they said but still they are not solved my problem
I buy a samsung m20 phone after 3 month ago. Touch screen is very bad. Hanging problem is also. Touch screen is not working properly. I advice all of u please not buy this phone. I am big mistake to buy this phone.
Everything was good. But I dont know why it typing automatically. Open apps automatic without touching anything. And it struck so many times. It seems someone sitting inside my phone and operating this. It was sooo irritati
Sometimes taking lot of time to charge. Face unlock is very slow. While disconnecting calls, call button is very slow. Taking lot of time to merge two calls. Phone is getting hang always.
M20 = waste. It has heating problems it also comes  with fingerprint problem. I called amazon for replacement they did and I receive a new device and gusses what that new device  has the same quality of heating and fingerprint problem  ..
Issue on voice clarity during calls. Initially I didn't notice as I was thinking when putting speaker on that time facing this issue. But again after checking few days confirmed that phone is having issue during all calls.
Worst phone its not even one month and phone started behaving odd.. sometimes screen tingles and moves automatically.. I have to restart  and it fixes issue. God knows how it will perform after few month's..
Love both rear and front cameras.  Phone look wise and display great. Screen touch is very  very very ...... poor. Never expected from Samsung.  Battery extremely low grade. Have to charged every 12 hrs.
Face recognition even closing eyes Fingerprint problem sometimes Images quality dull Battery over heating on normal use
Not a good mobile.avarage mobile.disply also week.only battery rating 4.overall rating 2.5
I had purchased it on sept 2nd .. Exactly after one month ie on 1 St October.. it's display not working..it's blank...never expected such a worst product from Samsung  Prasanth..
Wrost phone ever....within 20 days..phone's touch screen stopped working Now phone is not getting Switched off
Average. Not fast as expected and as per the configuration. MI phone with the same configuration is much more faster and cheaper also. I'm not satisfied with it'sperformance.
There is some bug in the headphone Jack which decreases or increases the volume for no reason when earphone aux is pressed in, sim card doesnt work the best vs my older phone
PROS: Price Battery  CONS: No 5GHz wireless frequency Feels very bulky Network issues Noticeable LCD burn within a few weeks of use Poor facial recognition Slow UI
Typical Samsung issue of hanging. Overheat problem on continuous internet browsing. Battery drains once it is heated even after restarting. Worst product. Total waste of money. No return policy makes things worse.
I have wasted money. Super duper hanging problem.  Cheap camera.  Long time takes for recharge than others
My phone is heating up just for using Instagram while playing games it will heat more any solution or this phone sucks
You can buy this phone only for big display,  camera quality is very bad, and battery backup not according to 5000 Mah, and heating problem when using internet after 10 to 15 minutes.
Guys Please Dont Buy This mobile, Camera Quality is too much bad, Samsung Sucks, And There is no option For refund You will Trapped I m sure So Friends Dont Buy This Mobile, I Bought 2  Quntity And Iam Trapped Now
Hanging problem,  heat also, slow processing,
Most stupid mobile phone ever used. Too much hanging problem. Phone will hang even when you are typing text. Don't buy this phone, its complete waste of money. Better buy some other brand phone.  Thanks
Third class product always  get hang. Sometime its fingerprints doesn't work properly battery  drain  very fast. Don't  buy  it
Battery backup is very good.camera is ok.touch screen is smooth.sound quality was good when i buy this,after 2 months sound quality is low i don't know what happens.overall good product in this range.
Touch responses  bad !!! camera average nice afterall
Network is so weak in this mobile compares to other mobiles. Hanging to much....Fingerprint sensor was slow....wifi not connected sometimes.
3 to 4months it has been worked good but after that mobile has been hanging n also its automatically restarting again and again cemera also not up to the mark totally worst product I have been purchased
Bit over weight makes it complex to hold. Finger print reader at the back cant be recognized easily by finger. Battery backup will satisfy you. As usual after updates your phone will slow down gradually
Very bad quality phone Software and processing issue Hanging a lot  Make u embarrassed  while taking pics sometimes camera does not work
It seems there are 2 speakers  and the one near ear is not giving good sound  quality. Something which will irritate you
Phone itself have a lot of technical problems like moisture deduct,heat and frozen . Software is not up to date and keypad sometimes get stuck.
Pathetic touch and network is working on or off every time.. I would not recommend for this product to anyone... don’t buy!!
M20 Selfies very slow,NFC not there, Its not supporting Global sims. other then this everything OK. Games very slow if you select 3gb Ram models.
Phone gets heated for unknown reason, also it hangs most of time, while attending a  all touch doesn't work, however workaround is we have to lock and unlock screen, then it allows us to attend calls/ touch works
3rd class product and service I don't buy any product on Amazon and can't suggest. This product is not working. Already I have insurance for the product.  But not way of connected to Amazon and acko waste sarvice
Very unhappy with the product as it was defected. This is the second time I'm facing the same moisture alert issue after fixing it from the service center already for free. Not even 2 months since I've bought it.
I thought phone will be super fast. It was hanging on the second day itself. Samsung always load with too many applications. Lookwise okay. Good for old age people but not for techies and frequent users.
Been using it for past few months, this is really a bad product by Samsung. Bad processor, slow fingerprint reader and slow face recognition software. You can see it's bad performance by seeing the Transition from one app to another.
Fast charging and battery life is great,camera is very struggling in low light,gaming is good pubg being play without any laig,fingerprint sensor is bad very late and not responding on every hit and touch response is very bad
It a Nice Phone The display Quality is not good, prefer to buy Samsung M30
I am not satisfy for this product No LED notification light touch not responsible TFT screen. Samsung please improve Do not keep customers in the dark
Worst phone. Just after 1 month the mobile is very slow. I bought this phone for my mom so just few apps are installed still it is working very slow. Waste of money
Sir i bought M20 17th Jul-2019 on 27th Oct -19 i am facing Display problem its automatically fading and screen going white with in 2 mints ,
Camera quality is not good, that was unexpected, and phone is not too fast as per 4gb ram, not happy with Samsung this time.
Network issue Hanging problem Heating problem when play games
Very low quality Samsung m20 its is brek on the top corner within 10 days without any damage and when i go to Samsung services center its says its broken and he will charges 4-5k very bad experiences
I bought 2 mobile M20. First one is good and second one is over heating and often getting hanged. I’m not satisfied with the performance not even a month completed. Didn’t expect performance like this from Samsung mobiles
It’s just been only two months since I bought this phone and phone continuously vibrates and display is not working ! I want amazon to look into this and either give a refund or replacement! Not fair !
There are so many problm found with using samsung M 20 1. Heating problem, 2. Thickness is very bad, Very thick phone 3. Camera quality is bad 4. Hang with simple simple application
Device calling sound not working after use of 7 months only, also 4G network option missing in delievered device after upgrade  I dont know how to claim warranty for amazon product.
Phone hangs a lot with even bare minimum apps installed, forget gaming. Sometimes irregular screen movements without touching. Lot more improvements required regarding processor and software.
Phone quality is worst.after 12days of purchase, phone is over heating what's app is automatically close Because of overheating sometimes its stop charging ,and also touch is not that much GD... please don't buy
After using this for atleast 3 months i can say with this price range dont buy Samsung mobile ever. I had readmi note 5 and i never complained about that. Go with readmi or any other but this mobile is not good.
Pros : Decent camera and battery based in price.Design Cons: Processor is a bit slow. Scratch prone. Display is too sensitive in the edges. Fingerprint sensor is slow and doesn't recognize at all sometimes.
Automatically works after 10 to 15 minute use.
Average product not very good it hangs on some time... some its hangs very much... waste of money
Accept battery performance 🤬🤬😡 this phone is " worst👎 " in all respect like picture quality, selfie camera 👎and the processor  is also " worst👎👎👎 " Overall review this is totally  "waste" & "useless" phone
Hi this is Shiva, Am a  big fan of Samsung brand previously am used in c9 l,a6+a9 But m20 is wasted product in Samsung Bcoz of charging,camera,heated,sound always am not satisfied from this device
I bought the Samsung M20 Mobile .don't purchase this mobile. Its worst performance. I'm suffering from this mobile it's very very bad network performance .and also it's not talend return also.take care customers........
phone gets heat up during charging. screen gets black out. video auto stop in between. brightness gets down automatically. rubbish handset.
It's fingerprint sensor response is poor and sometimes phone got changed while receiving the call.  Battery life is very good and camera quality is good in day light only.
But very slow and tough response poor , Camera quality poor
Supereb batter life, camera average, good product in this price range with Samsung trust
Picture quality 10/8 sound quality 10/8 battery life 10/5.  Hanging problem bhi h,,10990 doob gya,😩😩😩
Very bad phone,  I have purchased one month ago  ut under one month facing many problems  like low battery backup and very much hanging problems,  Camera quality is not good,  please do not buy this phone
This product delivered to me on 3rd March and I am using this phn from 10th March 2019, in just 13 days too much hanging issue like an model Samsung phn, I WAANA REPLACE THIS ONE.
Battery is not working as mentioned.. I will check it for 5-7 days.. If it will not work properly i will send it back..
Most worst mobile device I have ever seen.Bought it for my daughter but the phone hangs every 5 minutes without any reason.Screen is blinking most of the time.I am going to file a legal case in consumer court.
TOUCH IS NOT WORKING PROPER.SUFFERING WITH TO MUCH HANG PROBLEM ,POOR CAMERA ,FINAL SUGGESTION DONT BUY GO WITH ANY OTHER BRAND
It is one of worst mobile that I have seen in my entire life..do not buy  It is hanging, camera is worst, this is fact ... dont buy it is my request of all of you buyers It is my advise you should not buy it.
Good Battery backup. Display also good. Camera blur effect very bad. Sound out speaker ok but in earphones super..
It's good experience with Samsung Battery performance is amazing and fast charger is also great deal bt camera performance is not too good And back panel not protected any glass (scratch problem)
Pros: Stylish phone + battery life  Cons: heating problem + sometimes volume turns up by itself + when using chrome, it zooms in by itself  Conclusion: below average phone.  Return required.
 I don't like . This phone after seeing his performance.  I complained to customer service, but they have no solution . After 10 days of purchasing product.
Worst phone .pls dont buy. It's has network recieving issue. If you have doubt please check review in online about is device .. I am facing exactly same issue. Phone has big issue. Amazon also wont support you.
Over Heating while charging than hang and reboot when use that time  .But other way its good with well battery backup.
Worth for money,but poor camera quality .Especially front camera - this is too bad. Rear camera pictures are good during daylight. Battery is solid and stands for 1.5 days .No heating problem and no lag in performance
5 no. For battrt life and camera, but this phone glass is not good quality it broke very easy, The bigest problem with this model is It hangs in between and function automatically.
There's battery problem. after the 2 or 3 months battery drains quickly you can prefer To Xiaomi in the same price list where you can get more sufficient device..
This mobile getting hang. I trying to replace this mobile but I'm can't able to replacement because of Amazon smart checking trials. In this checking mobile showing test result ok. So can't able to replacement of mobile.
Quality of phone is detirorating. Hanging off andwith in just 6 months
The phone has started giving problems with dual sim. Voice calls in one of the sim goes blank for the receiver. The fix i found was to reset network settings to factory, whenever the problem pops up.
Don't buy before return policy trying to return not accepted from Amazon worst service called 100 time customer care no use list bother about service mobile is getting heat lott and camera quality is very poor
Everything is good except processor, It's not powerful enough to handle even normal tasks smoothly, software is slow and glitchy, The phone is not able to cope up with my hands
Phone gets heat up and hang frequently, display freezes and touch automatically works on it's own.
Fingerprint & battery life is ok. Camera quality rear and front foto bakwas aahe . M20 mobile fail . Amazon service so bad refund nahi hya mobile la ya peksha vivo che mobile camera quality no1 aahe.
DISSAPPOINTED....card holder seems to be of VERY low quality. Play store doesn't work. Unable to download or update basic apps via play store. @samsung do look into the matter and deliver products as promised.
The phone is good with in this budget, camera quality is super only for 4 to 5 months after that it starts hanging and also camera quality was not like before.battery life is ok not so good . Samsung has this hanging problem always.
The mobile is getting heated within 10 minutes....
Likes- screen is good, battery is very good, price Dislikes - Phone becomes slow after using few days. Camera (especially front) is below average. Fingerprint sensor is slow.
I have face the problem it is hitting & hanging automate call forward .i have apply for  Return 21/03/2019 but amazon said u cant apply to return . my friend also order the mobile he facing the same problem.
Connectivity issues, it is slowing down everyday and also hangs with spedy use Front camera fails to work many times many apps hangs phone hangs many times please tell where to complaint to get replacement
Don't expect anything from your phone camera, the worst phone camera I have ever seen. Battery Backup is good and goes about 1.5 days. Speed and performance are also good. fingerprint scanner works well,
Wrost  camera Wrost quality No gorilla glasses No double app No auto call recording Please don't purchase this phone Totally wasted of money no any purchase from Amazon
This Samsung mobile camera front and back no clarity, No image quality and this mobile was very very heating issue while charging time and even general usage time also. So dont purchase this mobile.
Touch problem, need to touch hard to type sms and display shows after 3rings during call and hanging
Hang issue and performance was not good
Phone is good . There is no option till 24 sep 2019 of exchange I want to buy new phone from amazon but my model samsung m20 is not present in exchange of any phone . Why this  ?
Everything is bast of this phone but this m20 mobile phone is henging and not works finaly I off & on my phone then its works ...  This phone I buy 21 August... one month ago ...
Hi I m facing a problem with this product the display has an error suddenly it appears to show distinct colors and I m really disappointed with this please I request help from your end to rectify this problem
As per specs no C charger of 15 W provided and normal fast charger provided but not fast charging and there is no Dolbi Atoms system. Only one speaker with low volume. Samsung name is discredited by supplier.
Mobile processing is ok .but initially i have faced charger issues within purchase of 5 months  . I went to service centre ,they replaced my charger and Pin& claimed by wareanty . Provide quality for products
Battery is quickly drained without using a SIM card or network connection daily drain  with 20 % .if I only got a unlucky piece???
Camera quality is not so good competitive in 12 k range. Spend 1.5 k more for good option.
Both Camera Quality is Bad. Low Light camera is unacceptable in todays market,  As there are many camera beast phones are available in this price segment .. Except Camera all are ok as per brand name..
Camera is  poor....on7 camera was gud compare  to this camera battery  gud,finger reader awesome
Selfie pic capture timing is too slow. Phone always hangs for 10 to 15 sec. Fingerprint sensor is not fast. if we use frequently battery lasts for 24 hrs.
Awesome phone for this budget superb battery life almost 1.5days with all usage ( calls/data/video streaming ) worth buying
The worst thing is add. I recommend not to buy this phone as the ads keep on popping up. The worst thing is if you are not tech savvy ..it is difficult to handle adds
Phone brightness was Is not good,  face recognition was not proper, technician visited but problem not resolved, Actually I have gifted to someone. It shud not happen .
The is looking good...but after few days I came to know that battery is not enough good..as we expect from Samsung phone...and face unlock is one of the worst face lock I have seen ever...
Performance is not up to the mark. Phone got strucked intermittently, unable to perform any operation even home button also not working. Camera is ok. UI is worst. Battery is also ok not good.
Fingerprint reader average, camera poor, battery life excellent. What i don't like about this phone is it's camera. It's camera is really very poor. Images always having blur. Front camera is worst.
Phone is good, but camera is not upto the expectations.
Processor is not fast . pubg hang while playing.
Worst phone.... bad picture quality...phone  Strucks often.... it takes 2 minutes to pick up a call or dial a call.....better dont buy this scrap... worst product ever from best brand company
Phone was Amazing. Cool design But come with hanging issue..... Return after 7th day of purchase
Its network big problem ISS mobile me charge baht slow hota hai aur network problem hai 1 month tak sab accha ta aur abhi net bahut slow ho raha hai aur to network ata hi  nahi hai mobile bahut heat hits hai
This is worst mobile in Samsung. Because of 5000 mah battery i have taken this mobile. Within 2 months battery performance is very poor(discharging very fast).  And also while speaking it is getting overheat
Starting to hate this phone on the very first day of purchase. Netflix can't be installed on this darn phone. And not sure why no earphones are included for such a heavy purchase. Stupid thing to do so.
Don't buy this phone . if you will use it for5-10 minutes it will become very warm. I buyed it and used it for five minutes and it become very warm. Don't ever by Samsung phones costing below 20000
Initially battery charging was taking less time but now with use of phone its speed of charging has come down..I m not happy with kind of camera Samsung is providing if we compare with vivo and other phones.
Ye phone bhot waited hai.face detector not good. Unlock system is very low quality. Camera focus very bad. Sound quality in audio and video is standard. No extra smart feature like as oppo vivo and mi phone.
Everything is not that much great but better than any Chinese brand
Not as much as expected as many market players are cheaper than this
This  phone  is not good because  1 hour  continues use  after  phone  is  high  temperature  phone  is good  but time to time  very  very  hot
Not a good phone lacks in multitasking, basically 1 application at a time
Wet Fingerprint can't work. Battery is good. But facing some issues like flash light not work all the time etc. Not so happy
Very worst phone.. Touch sensitivity is very bad. Only satisfied with the battery backup
This is not a gaming device. Most of the games are hanging while playing. Basic games are running good. Higher end games not supported.BUPG no chance.
Poor Sound Quality, Hanging Issues, Poor Performance
The phone hangs, and fingerprint scanner is not that good. Better buy Asus Zenphone in same price with better features (4GB, 64GB) with damage protection on flipkart.
Handfree speaker is not working of charcoal black colour sory for d late it was gft for someone it was just opened 2 days before
useless product i just have bought it 10 days ago and it it hanging so much camera is no working properly so don't buy it. i am just not able to believe that even amazon is selling this type of product
Bad phone in one month phone is not working properly camery quality very bad ,,opppo vivo is better then samsung .phone charging jack  got defected in one month. Customer support is also very bad of samsung
The display went off within a month. Took it to the service centre, the guy opened and mentioned that the motherboard is gone too. Bought Samsung after couple of years and now repenting. Thank you Samsung!!
Connectivity switching for wifi vs mobile ntw is poor.  Auto detection of networks is poor .I went ahead initially coz this is a made in India product but m not happy .Better I should have bought redminote6
Hanging problem ,after 12 to 15 days mobile was hangged,and Amazon was not supported for exchange or return refund. And Samsung services center was not helping to this.
Fingerprint detection is slower than snail,touch screen sensitivity is almost numb to death, call recording option is not inbuilt, Definitely this phone is not for better user experience
Proximity sensor doesn’t work Camera quality poor Charging takes more than 3 hours Hanging problem
Phone is slow w.r.t. its peers. Fingerprint sensor is not at all responsive. Touchscreen is also not responsive
The phone frequently lags. UI isn't that smooth like xiaomi. You'll regret if you buy this phone. Search for other alternatives.
Touch is not good. Not a great phone at this cost. Camera is not fine. The only thing that seems good is battery life.
This mobile is very bad, because my charger not connect in this monile, so other mobile charger connect mobile, clearly problem not specified...  No longer life mobile please don't  buy this  mobile...
 I have received  damage product and acknowledged  my complain but no one come to receive the product. i am very help less, now i am going to consumer forum.
Battery nd cameras are good but response is very slow n very imp use upto android 9 don't install android 10 it will became slow like tortoise
Poor Battery.. Not even for 24 hours.. Only used fb wapp and some videos on youtube..  Device Heat rate is high..
Battery is too good . Camera is ok. Worst thing is earphone jack ,which ia placed at down left side.  So it's very difficult to hold a phone when earphone is plugged and almost impossible to  write anything.
Mobile is heating while using and mobile strucks while using . I had already experienced that's why I don't want to buy Samsung mobiles but I thought they better now but still mobile is sticking.
Camara not good but battery life is good and screen design better phone speaker volume is low on speaker totally result is phone battery life good
After a month of usage,it got slipped from hand,and whole dispaly got broken.No corilla glass is there.I invested 5000 to samsung service center for display.While paying there was no option of insurance was there or for extended guarantee
There is a major issue in Samsung M20, as its started showing moisture in phone from the very first day itself. Which not allow phone to charge in active mode ' I have to switch off the phone to charge it.
This is the worst smartphone I have ever used. A clear difference between exynos and snapdragon processor could be seen.  Hangs a lot. The touch sometimes fails to respond.  I won't recommend it.
Phone is superb but face unlock is not working properly, this is not good for Samsung. Ur the second famous mobile brand in the world please check once m20 face unlock issue.
I have replaced this product two times but facing the same problem i.e. 1. Touch screen is not good. not working properly. 2. Mobile sound increased / decreased automatically.
Considering we r paying 13-14 k felt like I got worth of 7 K
On the right edge of the screen there is a dot which appears all time, may be burn in issue. This phone is not even one day old. I have asked for replacement, I hope Samsung takes a note of this
Fingerprint doesn't work smoothly,camera quality and battery life are very good.. One more problems with my handset is on 2nd Sim I doesn't receive OTP. To receive OTP 1st I have to make network on Aeroplane mode, then received OTP
I'm fully disappointed above this mobile .. Camera - excellent Display - super Mobile features- super But mobiles was little bit hanging ... In future🙄🙄 I think battery 3000mah
Very bad product,,, I wants to refund my money... Very bad experience of this mobile Triple slots are not good proper work with same time,,, Only 2 slots are work at same time
Phone getting heated often need help if this can be sorted or not worth buying
I am very  dissatisfied. It's been less than 24 hours  and the phone is already slow and lagging. The screen is glitching. My redmi note that was 7k worked a lot better  than this phone. Do not recommend.
I have purchased the product on feb2019. But the phone is hanging again and again after so many complaints and repair work are Samsung office chd. Still the problem is not resolved. Phone is still hanging
Its very bad experience phone . Hanging issue , speed is slow, camara quality very bad .  Amazone support not work well i complained but not reslove told me its in well work conditions. But teally its waste my money .
Camera and the network speed (4G) is not supported in this mobile and no can invest u r money on this mobile. Network Slow  waste camera  very sensitive screen
fell the touch sensitivity is low and phones get heated up. I have seen issues with the application running and receiving call .  some time you can pick calls and application misbehave
Fingerprint sensor is too slow Some time it doesn't even unlock with fingerprint sensor and had to unlock it by pattern, and screen freezes frequently atleast 10 times a day, i can even return it because the problems started after 10 days of replacement warranty period
I got this Product Broken from Box. I want to replace this item
My hand set have display problem. Without touching the screen options are geting activating eg.look like computer in remote section. In service center person is saying most of the M20 mobiles have a same problem.
Screen freezes oftenly, talked with customer care but couldn't got any solution. First time bought Samsung device but it has disappointed me so much. I will never think to but any Samsung phone in future.
Display quality very good Sound quality very good Betray good
home screen voice not good if you want to install anything him we need to pay for everything, theme is not good
Phone was good....But Packaging was very bad. Phone's camera quality is nice but selfie camera is not good. Fingerprint reader is  fast. Battery is awesome.
There is no security feature like oppo have. too sensitive touch, display had been broken in just 3 days. And lots more complaints also, I would like to say, it is not a smartphone. It is a Tension.
Very bad experience,never purchase this phone. I am not able to use this phone because always it admitted in service centre.it is continuous hanging and restarting automatically ,no response from samsung
Regardless of fast charging, long battery life, pretty display, and performance the drawback however of the phone is the camera and picture quality be it front or rear camera considering the price point.
Again same problem occurs. Samsung means heating problem  when you put phone in charging it will heat soo much and when you use  phone 10 to 15min more  it will heat again.  Again Very disappointed  with Samsung.
The phone is slow to respond.. the fingerprint and facial recognition is not always correct.. needs more than once .. Screen sometimes lag.. Overall an average quality phone
It's one of the worst phone, I have ever bought in my life, do not waste your money this phone should be im category of 6k...
Mobile display is scratched in just two days. In Samsung service center pimpri pune is very bad , not any help to customer, behaves like Samsung company her dad's property. No help from Amazon. Bad build quality.
my Mobile suddenly stopped working its got hung with black screen and there is no response when we plugin charger luckily after half an hour its started working i think this mobile has many issues
The device doesnt works at all samsung low price phones are bump.with this budget simple you go for another company mobiles.only thing good is display.its the only thing in device and the build quality is worst.
My phone touch not working properly... I am facing big issue for them. Some time It is working automatically
Poor internet access. Very poor connection.
When we play video in it screen look like disaster ...4k ultra wale jamane me 0k bhi nhi h screen video dekhne layak
Samsung is big brand...I like Samsung mobiles very much but this item disappointed me....when I put phone on charge I got massage that USB slot have moist, when their is no moist.....I want replacement for this.
This product is great if you are not a gamer or play heavy everyday it has a decent camera,long battery backup,great screen,but the processor is not powerful compare to other smartphone processor like mediatek or Snapdragon.
The phone was purchased 3 weeks back.it had issues from the beginning. The window gets hung every time and asks for updating which we are unable to do.I am not able to return it as they say the return window is over.
It's good phone of Samsung in this range But it has hanging problem am not going to suggest to any person to this phone.battery backup wrost lot of hanging problem. I personally suggest never buy Samsung we hv lot of options in this range
GooD. It is bit slow. Speaker Quality is not good
Little bit slow may be due to RAM. Lot of unnecessary apps running from Samsung draining battery and consume data. Also apps don't get auto arranged after uninstalling
Heating,proimity sensor and earpiece issues. Not satisfied  by amazons blancco tests...resluts not matching with reality..regret buying this product from amazon....
unibody phone vibrates while playing media through inbuilt speakers and heating issues with gradual drops in battery level...
Good midranger from samsung but display is not amoled
Overall phone is good but fingerprint  response is slow , during playing pubg mobile start heating after 15 minutes, camera is good but it should be  more  good like mi realme  in this budget.
Problems 1. call not connected 2. automatically call disconented. 3. Network signal is very low in galaxy M20. 4. sometimes show notification....Moisture detected in charging port...
There is no ear phone with this model in the box. I missed to identify in the check list before order, since I think it is mandatory. I request everyone should check all mandatory requirements b4 order.
Would never buy again.. A new phone keeps on hanging.  sometimes goes unresponsive. bad fingerprint sensor.  good camera, but not in low lights.  screen quality is good.. battery life is good.
Worst phone .. too much hanging issue .. slowness and heating issues.. and Amazon does not returned it as the product is not worth.. bad experience
Samsung says that this phone contain 5000 mah battery.. But I think it's just 4000 mah... And again same problem Hang again and again... Working without permission..
Fingerprint reader some times doesn't recognize ,slow unlocking.camera is good at daytime in good climate condition and at night times and evening time also we don't get good photos.
The internet is not working via mobile data at all. The phone is slow. It seems that it is a defective/faulty device. I bought a new Airtel Sim also and did the trouble shooting also. Still facing same problem.
It is certainly not a good device to play games. Otherwise also it hangs a lot, which is quite a headache. Selfie camera is worst I've ever seen in devices I've used. Fingerprint sensor also sold working sometimes.
Battery Life is very poor. It lasts only half a day. Inspite of 5000mah. Not believable. Also if u use youtube for 1 hr. Phone gets heated up. Battery is very poor in this phone. This is my experience.
Same old problem with Samsung phones still continue here with m20 also...  auto display working with out toching phone.... hanging problem facing and heating isuue also in m20
horrible discharge of battery ...take too long time to charge, no fast charging, heating while moderate  use and while charging
Quality not upto the mark...price is high
It's been 3 months the device is use... Still working well just some times Minor issues like sounds gets off and reason is unknown on restarting the sound revived.
It's proximity sensor was not working even after complaint at Amazon and samsung it was not replaced
I have purchased m20 before 2 month but charge has not proper working and i have go to yor store but he is refused the change he is given the 1k inter for new charge why not change the charge
Defective product received. The cell phone is hanging up again and again.i recently visited to Samsung Care Center they checked my phone and said that your phone have some sort of manufacturer default.
Battery fast charge nhi hoti guys abhi buy kiye ko 1 mahina nhi hua but battery khatam bhi jaldi ho rhi he or fast charge ke nam par thag rhe he samsung wale please guys don't buy this bakwas mobile he
Used it for a month and Battery is getting drained twice in a day, heating problem, fingerprint is also not working properly not getting network where the same sim card is working fine In another phone
The screen of phone is always run automatically I have upgraded it's software so many time but still it running automatically and internet speed in this phone is worst experience I m dislike this phone
Two things are wrong about product first one is that its battery is not working good as another piece of same category secondly its charge speed slow. I will be thankful if the product can be refunded.
Face recognition and touch response is bit slow, rest other things looks ok, camera software is full of features so but confusing.  Irritating ad pop-ups, not having clear settings to remove it
Just received today from Amazon. Phone heated up while adjusting settings. I fear what will happen when I use it heavily. Slow response of fingerprint reader. For now good battery backup
Its a truly review to all the purchaser dont buy it they have fake product of m20. display break issue also dont repair in warranty hang issue also not a good camera waste of money. Imei no is not founding or match.
M20 have touch problem, I had visited service center 3 times but issue had not get resolved, Lock screen get freeze sometimes, Touch got hanged, do not swipe for unlock phone
As per battery 5000mah but draining very fast as per my usage it come one day only as it is a new its was coming as 1 and half day but after one month its draining very fast
Facebook videos play pause pause or breakable play time to time
I’ve to take product to service center on very next day of delievery as it was delievered in evening & the slit slot was inserted in wrong direction as if the product was refurbished
Fingerprint unlock is almost insenstive ( useless) Processor is some other co. ( other than qualcomm)  also a bit slow..pubg is lagging. Though camera is superb.
Battery backup problem .....slow charg...display coming line...service center asked charge not consider in warrant when device is not physical damage....plesase don't buy this phone
Plz don't buy this product... Camera is not well... Finger sensor not working well... But bettry is best...
Heating problem is their. Camara just ok.
Bad experience in mobile battery life only 8 hours video fingerprint reder cheap qualitybnot working  redmi 3500amh equal samsung 5000amh hanging problem new mobile some times in day wast of money same budget mobile redmi 5pro best
Picture quality good,nice camera,looking good awesome...premium buget mobile 13k and Samsung product...
Dont buy...others companies provide phones with better features at the same price range...The phone will start hanging after some months of usage..
Don't buy this phone, it lags too much even with normal usage, photos from front camera are too edited and u can't even switch off beauty mode there. Worst camera and processor. Average battery and display is good
It's only been a few days after the first month of purchase and now it has a big problem. The call is not sent at first. Then you have to restart the phone to call. This was least expected of Samsung.
Phone performance is too bad, finger print sensor takes much time to recognize, After 3 months usage phone started to hang to prove it is a samsung product. Samsung worst product..
More lag in this device when open apps through minimize tab then apps open with trembling or like as slow motioning with shaking.it is very irritating. If Samsung solve this issue then device is good.
Worst product ever brought , face unlock is not good , touch doesn't work properly have many software issues Would have taken 10 times this mobile to service center Extremely Unrecommandable
4GB RAM IS SLOWER AND I HAD SWITCHED TO 6GB RAM...
I have Very bad experience after 6 days .. Phone screen freez any time.. and tuch not Work properly . Need a help ... I want to sell my phone ASAP.
Worst . Touch Hanging every day ..other options will be proffered instead of M20. Camera ok. But thick (not slim)and heavy too. Nothing new compared to other mobiles in the market.. Don't waste ur money.
Good processor, multitasking, good battery life but worthless camera.
Not a great product in a budget segment dont ever buy it...... Pros- 1) Display 2) Battery life and fast charger. 3) wide angle camera is noticable. Cons- Everything  except pros
I used this from 1 month approx but after second update which is 1march security update...my phone is hanging again and again...to work properly i should unlock the phone again and again....plz fix it asap....
I got a defective product which the screen was not in a good condition. Below the notch the screen was showing  some shadows vertically! And amazon replace program is a hell!!
Not a Smart purchase in this budget
I'm one of the customer like yu.. dnt buy dis product.. worst mobile ... Worst customer service .. I brought dis mobile on may 23 but it's not working now.. if I asked, they people will tel me some bad issue...
I have used first time and i am very disappointed about the features and quality about the product.. in same price range other brand like redmi or vivo are giving very good features and quality..
headset is not there with the box. When I checked the description it mentioned clearly that the headset with ckme with this model
Connectivity issues in the mobile. Please don't buy. Samsung service center not giving proper response.
Worst product it is. Mobile has hanging continuesly. In a first week only got software issue. Service centre changed mother board first then changed display. Even it’s not working properly.
My proximity sensor got damaged within 2 month of use. Worst experience  of using Samsung even sometimes gets hang. Prefer not to buy this phone. Even no response by Samsung customers care team.
Display built quality very poor...no warranty for display replacement.. I spent 5000 for display., phone just slipped from a two feet height only... processor also death slow.., don't  buy this phone
Bought am m20 instead of m30 by mistake but it wasn't possible to return. Anyway the phone is okay but lags a lot. And a little heavy.
The phone works good! Just a bit of lag, not sure of the reason as the apps are very few. Also unable to activate one drive 100gb offer.
Ok ok mobile.  Hanging problem as usual in brand samsung. Will not recommend anyone as mi is still better option in below 20k range
Battery life is good but camera quality is very very poor. If you are buying phon that you wanted to used for photos. Then go for other brand phones. Samsung M20 will not satisfy.
The worst phone,  recently used.Not at all worth for Rs.13000. Not even for 8000. When making a call Bluetooth will on always.
I will take this phone before one month but  then I'll use the earphones they are not supported besause my phone earphones plugged pin already damaged by manufacturer so please change my phone.thanks
After 5 months it starts to hang .son please irecommend to not to buy it ................it's worst . Its all features are impressive but because of hanging i deslike this product .
Touch not working after 20 GB of internal memory Is full, every time need to delete data or backup
tooo much Hanging problem.....otherwise ok...no earphones in box. battery life is awesome..
i have perches this item some days are good runing but after 10 days mobile are start hang problem i have all updates and clear the RAM ROM but not are solve problem & i have retron police are end
Only 50 percent charging in 2 hours
the worst mobile i have ever used. its hanging and stopped working in just 7 months. utter waste of money.
Battery not two days backup just 12 to 14 hours going on 20 percent  my old mobile j7 is batter then  m20 battery backup
It's just an ordinary phone. Voice and network quality are average. Nothing extra ordinary.
worst mobile of samsung mobile hang so many many times but phone is fully empty even hang this mobile crap from samsung
After 20 days sound of speaker changed in very bad quality. You can not listen the music.
Definitely not a good camera phone. Poor quality pictures in day time. Don't think about night pictures, it is worse than a 5k phone result. Network issues. 4G is not working like a 4G and it feels like 3G.
Problem this phone back side cover lagene se coloure ja raha hai phone ka jabki blu se blacj ho rha back side so amazon wale bhaiye please help me next time i am note use amazon india
camera is very disappointing .. both cameras quality are as 5 MP heating issue
Very slow phone. It became hot during calls or during watching videos Not at all recommended. Better to go for Redmi. Samsung mobile is disgusting now.
This product is not working. Its gone switch off after 10 days of purchase. Its not a good product and fraud with us. So You r request to change it or take any action regarding the mobile samsung Glaxy M20
Simply waste of money  customer care service not helping us phone display not working they asking me pay for new display Customer care saying Display not working due to of scratches
By Samsung very bed product because after updating battery drain very fast and some apps open automatically and wcc 2 a normal game I see more leg and all of the bad photos capture color contrast not good.
Hangs, slow down, worst picture quality, finger print take time to open. Totally unworthy phone to buy at any price.
Samsung Galaxy M20 occuring a problem on display ,Display is going to hang showing a blurrrrrrrr. we are not seen anything on the widow now what to do . my galaxyM20 delivery date is 21-mar-19
Am not happy with this product...after one month purchase display was damaged...while check with Samsung care they are told me it's not comes with warranty...and they are not responding properly...
Battery Is Very Poor.....Without Using It Battery Percentage Is Decreasing .....Too Bad ....Sorry This Product Is Very Bad To use .....We Thought Samsung Is Very Good Company But Its Very Worst ...
Amazon give me defective mobile.
Heating problem. The phone heats up a lot. After 3 mints of video calling, the phone becomes so hot, its scary to hold in hand.
Camera quality is average, battery backup is also average if u use data with screen display on, it would not last Langer than a 6-7 hours, I see some lag on this device , processor is avg
Heating up near rear camera or selfie camera not giving natural colour faltu bakwas h or ek prblm h sound  is not good sometimes feel like brust ghanta m20 faltu pachhta rha hu or scraches bahot jldi aa rha
If you're purchasing it for father or any family members it's a good deal but you're are frequent user then it may not be a good option. Overall phone is good.
This mobile has touch problem. When i dont click mobile screen It automatic touches at screen at many places and perform actions which i dont want because of auto touch
Very good quality of camera and good battery life
Faulty product Screen not working at all Even amazon not responding Better purchase from a physical store
I bought it for my father, he told the sound fluctuations are there and the main problem is heating of phone while charging it.
Good phone for normal usage & long battery life with all important sensors. Suitable for moderate non gamers. Good to see USB C type port at this price point with V notch design
Suddenly speaker and  wifi not working properly after 6 months.. cant play audios and video files ..these days everything in online shopping is fake products..wastage of money..
Terrible phone..after 2 months the touch is not working and the phone is restarting frequently..pathetic
Touching delayed working more times click after work its  & camera photo not good , Data network running slow stepping . Fingerprint reader very good.
Can’t believe Samsung made this phone, there screen touch is very sensitive and camera quality is poor, will never buy Samsung product again. Cheaters
It is almost a month....fingers print is not good....touch is also bed. After update little bit improved but not good at all.
Touch not working properly when i call customer service she said company will replace it in 24 hours with new order id until i did not get an mobil am coplenteded at 15 oct 2019 i wated for 20 oct
Good product but price range is to high and no screenshot and network speed and data usage on the screen seen system.around 2000 rs high price both of device m20 and m30 on a current market value.
Finger print is not working when we enter it by 180 degree rotation  . And it's also slow compared with redmi 4 (My old phone). Battery is cool. Also Phone doesn't hit much that is also good.
I won't  recommend  this phone.Mainly, it lag's so much...sometimes  directly  call's emergency  number(112).sometimes  touch won't  respond properly. Better I will suggest  go for another mobile.
The phone feels very hot and looks bad but my mistake is that I did not check and the time to return is complete and too much late for these. end of the matter i am not satisfied from this mobile.
Very poor selfie camera..forget capturing selfies if you buy this phone..and subsequently face recognition is also poor...it has a moderately fast fingerprint sensor and a very good battery life..
Proximity sensor not working again after exchange third class product
Battery life of this phone os not good.in this phone 5000 mah battery but its like only 3000 mah battery.i double full charge of this in one day.when i play pubg,then this phone get slow
Camera quality is worest. I abserved heating problem. Some time touch not working and the product is not returnable.
This product is not working properly as compared to same company mobile and Camera quality is very poor documents photo when we click words are not seen proper and hang problem also
Very slow phone... too heavily loaded with apps that are  not needed... lag in movement in touch...not worth buying... buy a phone like Motorola where there is little customization of ui
hang problem bad battery
I want to refund this m20 set as neither Airtel 4G nor JIO 4G  sim in slot 1 is responding properly, even same sims are responding properly in other handsets.Please look into the matter and reply.Thanx a lot
Camera has no quality. Its gives a painted photo. And pic quality is also not like its said. Very worse photoshoot is low light condition. 5000 mah works only for a period of 7 to 8 hours
In this price range camera quality and processor together with ram combination is not sufficient. It hangs some times.it can be used for normal use. But looks good. Battery backup is very good.
Mobile phone performance is good but really disappointed with camera specially front facing very poor quality. Overall avagre rating is 4/5 but for camera 1/5
Don't purchase this product, screen problem occurred within 2 months, one of the waste product, not useful
Good phone. If yiu are not a pro camera user. Camera performance is below average. Few day light shots are decent. But horrible in night or even on sharpness is extremely poor.
WiFi not turning ON...Restart required everyone to turn it on....
Avg phone.... Touch is avg.... Camera Avg Sound-Good Picture Quality-Good....  A lot of improvement is required
I am using M20 - 4GB ram, I am not using any games, but the mobile hangs even for making calls also like once or twise a day.
Average phone Don't expect more
Worst phone ...bought in my life.. Stopped working after 2 months.... Hanging every time...only point is good display..
Nice looking
Phone heating problem is there. After 10 days of use phone is getting heated. Screen light don't on when received of any notifications like, GB, WhatsApp SMS or any other types of notifications
Battery life is good, camera quality is ok ok... but it is lagging
Display clarity is not that great Batter backup is less compared to other phones with same capacity Speed and performance is also not worth for the price, gets warm when we play games
Camera clarity not good, battery backup not good, taking more time to charging and front camera is worst. only mobile out look is good. not notification light getting charging or not.
Fast charging is fake...it is taking more than 2 hrs to full charging..and camera also too weak...not as that Samsung had tell us in media. I have only buy this product because i do believe in samsung
It's a ok ok phone if you want to buy Samsung brand in a cheap price...then go for it. Other wise more options are available at this price in different brands...and those are far better than m20.
My phone gets hanged and within 1month it automatically got switched off for which I had to visit service center..
It has  laggy performance ...And got stuck/hang in a day or 2 ....very often ....And then I have to press power off button for 5 seconds ...Then restarts.... Expected from Samsung ...
Good product handy but fingerprint reader is worst. Fast charger not working properly. Overall nice look but requires a little improvement. But after one month the screen got broken
Very bad performance. Battery is heating ofter one hour working. Touch pad respond slowly.
From last 2 month i m using this phone and i m totally amaze with this phones performance. Great looks Awesome camera quality Over all best phone under 10000 rs. M 20 great phone
This phone is not upto the expectation. Face unlock is not working. Response time when hitting back button or ending call is slow. Not expected from Samsung.
Again they are giving exynos processor which I think is not better than snapdragon. It's average phone with big battery.
Very low quality phone don't go for it..camera is very cheap, no good display, phone creates problem in 1 month.
Price range very good mobile but processor is very worst ,i face lags and hanging issue
phone is hanging very much ,over heating all time during 5 minute calling and 5 to 10 minute vedio watching,battery drainage issue,charger and mobile both are overheated while charging, ram problem
It's not working... We have to visit the Samsung service station on very 1st day... The the date of receiving we r suffering... Still my Mobile is in Samsung Service center...
its looking good but charger is not universal charger. Little bit slow having .but i have fear on M20 why because this product also will be the same of 1 year use product only
Waste of money. Very worst product from Samsung. Touch  sensitivity is too low and phone hangs all the time.
Too much hanging ,  even not able to answer any calls,  dial pad is also not working properly, camera is bad, sound quality is not good, only battery is good. waste of money
Dont buy it, really sucks . mi mobile in range of 6k is better then this. Worst camera n worst system in it. Also hangs
After 1 year it's not working properly for some times
Good one for the price, but if you're looking for a powerful phone I would suggest you to look into the redmi note lineup, the note 7 and note 7 pro are better performers in this category.
Finger print sensor not smooth Touch not smooth Keypad typing very worst experience.
Pros:Good battery life, Average camera, screen look awesome, slim, easy to handle Cons: heavy weight, camera  should improve, no gorilla glass,
It's a defective product .. no signal reception happening and even the customer care is not responding properly. Please guys don't fall into these fake devices and waste your hard earned money.
Very very bad device
Worst ever online electronic product i purchased. Hanging nd hanging after every phne call. To compete market, compny making us foolish by sayin low cost phne. At last, compny like samsung also.
Net bahut  slow chalta h, call krte time sound nhi aati kafi der bad aati h,calling time apne aap speaker on ho jata h, is phone ne to presan kr diya,very bad experience with Samsung and Amazon.
Exynos chips suck. The phone started to stuck after just one week and I only am using basick social media app. Except for being slow this phone is great and battery life is exceptional
Very Poor break Resistance. Camera quality average after update. Phone battery very good, overall speed average. Phone is not good in comparison with Mi. Overall Value for money phone.
Internet speed very slow. With same SIM I get  good internet speed with other phone
Hanging issue even during the new phone set up.  Phone is very slow . Dont buy it. Even on the first day it was hanging so much.  DONT BUY
Waste Mobile 3Gb Ram Over Hanging .Slow processing speed.
It's ok but need to get more optimized for fast performance.
Not a bad product, still there are some issues with fingerprint sensor and power on/off. Apart from that the common problem with Samsung devices of being hanged persist in M20 as well.
Camera quality is worst in this segment, and less support by customer care
Please don't buy Samsung mobile phones....MI is far better than Samsung, Complaints: 1 Some time touch won't work for a while. 2 Auto touch
I like design, battery backup and fast charging. Dislike network hardware issue, data speed issue, fingerprints scanner and Face unlock,network connectivity problems...
It has Worst cam..picture quality is too bad😓...my j5 is a pro when compared to it Battery life is excellent... &i don't like it's display too(colours are dull)... That's all...
I have requested for return of mobile m20 bought on may 4 but in the app it is showing that mobile bought on 6th is to be returned. They have checked everything and finalised return for mobile.
Processor very slow ,Network signal s also very low in city after usage of one month feedback. If I have chance to give it back , i will send to Amazon facility. Battery life and Charging good.
Camera quality still lacks a bit, don’t like the auto softening on face. Battery life is amazing! With the Android 9 Pie update the phone works great and the added features are also great.
Please dont buy.. not charging bought 1 month before only.... worst one ever..not recommended
For 10,990 it's just an average phone one can get. Front camera is not that great as it's not upto the mark in low light condition. On opening multiple apps it starts to hang a little bit.
the screen height to width ratio is not good. looks weird.camera and screen quality average. Samsung apps keeps sending notification and adds. didn't expect this from Samsung
This product i had more expectations but after 4 months from the buying date  only it started showing moisture detected continuously but it never exposed to water or deowned in water.
As 5000mah ...battery  not good in performance  if used with full internets....not give performance  well if I only use for calls....bad performance not expected like 5000 may battery
Camera quality is too poor
worst service, with worst product.......within 3 days it  charging port failed....after month charger failed....and in next month battery issue......and company service is pathetic
hello   Today i am purchase  m 20 4 + 64 GB mobile i am doing  charging more than 2 hours but charging is not increase more than 7 % and mobile is very harmfull heating so charger quality is very low
Even realme u1 is better in every way than this....!!!!! Even in battery...realme wins..so don't go for this Samsung..
Compare to other companis mobile phones this  product internet speed very low .I am using same place two mobile phones ,my old mobile phone more than 2 years old but working is very good internet speed.
I was not purchasing  Samsung  mobiles  due to its hanging  issue but I bought  this recently  still Samsung  mobiles are not come out from the hanging issue. Not suggesting to buy this mobil8
The most worst mobile from Samsung. The camera quality is very poor. Images are getting blur. In Amazon there is returnable policy on mobiles even after giving the complaint on mobile quality.
Pros 1:Battery backup upto 34 hrs Cons 1:Network issue 2:Display touch issue 3:Fingerprint issue 4:Simply scratch on back panel 5:can't fit sim card properly
The phone hangs so much. The touch stops working every once in a while only after a week. The phone quality is not as good as it looks. Go for some other brands like vivo, oppo, Xiaomi
Worst one !! With in a week it went to sleep mode and never switch on later !! Carried to service center and they said it went to sleep mode. Mobile security feature makes u frustrated 😠
M20 its represents the samsung as like early get hanged. My m20 was get hang within 10 days. Its performance is very poor. Just only look is awesome otherwise overall dabba phone hai
Weak signal.slow net Battery..ok
Touch is not working properly & battery draining very fast mi 4000mh battery batter then Samsung 5000mh battery.
I don't know  this is my  first samsung  phone I just hope  Samsung  has given  me a good product I want it to use for long term I am  not a heavy phone user I use it just for  WhatsApp and watch movies.
Firstly they send me a faulty product they replaced it but it is not upto mark with samsung brand. Camera quality is not good enogh. Picture quality could be better.
The phone despite having 4, 64 specs keeps hanging and is very slow to respond. The touch is also not so good
Never buy go fore note 7 Very very bad processor And lagging so much Plastic back feels very cheap
It's a very bad mobile. Its Face Unlock system is very bad. i bought this but i am not satisfy. this mobile have a lot of problem like face unlock, battry and camera etc.
Phone Voice on call time very poor quality and also phone battery charging issue, so much time to take for battery charge. this is the worst phone i had purchase this time.
Phone hang so many times.after purchase one month So many issue in this phone.  Service center not be help.  So my suggestion not ne purchse this phone.
Waste of money. You  can  buy better  phones in this price.  I am cheated.
Battery drain 100 to.  27 Percent with in 4 to 5 hours ,wrost camara images 13+5 mp camera photo coming like. A 5 mp camera no clear image
Facing too much of network issues, a big headache waste of money
Front camera is not good so definitely not recommend for selfie lovers. It didn't meet my expectations
Front Camera picture quality is very bad. And also problem in rear camera when I was shot 2 or multiple pic some pictures are missing in gallery in short some pic is not save Finger print scanner is very poor.
Writing after using for 6 months it will become so slow that u cant even pick in coming call and 4g works like 2g. Waste if ur looking for speed.
One of the worst phone i ever buy..Too much of hanging ..This phone is not worth for daily user and game lover..screen broken when it fall from just 10 cm height
Within six month the screen got damaged.
Very Poor Camare special front Cam, even local Chinese company phone are much better.
Its a phone that vomes at an affordable price... but its screen quality could b improved a bit. Its battery backup is excellent. Over all a good purchase
Display very poor, crack after 15 days just slip in hand short hight. Fingerprint ka location pata ni chalta when use it. Batter backup bht accha h.
Wrost mobile in the world. With in month totally display gone, and signal receiving poor, no headset provided.
Touch is hanging. Screen shot problem. When using YouTube gives touch problem. Face locking problem. Brighteness problem.
"sim card in not available" this problem happen frequently 3-5 time in a day..mobile is not showing  the simcard..need replacement for mobile..or fix the problem..hope this will help me out.
Camera quality is so poor and I am also requested to every customer who shopping on Amazon please uninstall this app so bad app no return policy on this app even after ur product is not good
Camera quality poor, finger sensor speed poor, face detection zero, video recording time no camera swapping. But battery is good. You just buy a big mobile battery in 12999/- not phone.
Advertisement pop up which is the worst this I experienced in this phone. We paying the money not to see the advertisement which the mobile phone company prefers .worst experience I ever had
Front Camera is very cheap category. Front image has always painting effect. Its not natural. In spite of having 4 gb Ram, It is getting hang and slow. U can't play heavy game. Don't buy it.
Phone is very slow and started heating within 1 month's usage. Not happy at all with the phone. I had to replace it with Asus Zenfone Max M1. Which costs less and performance is much better.
Touch not good...phone is hanging. We r not satisfied.so please tell me what we do. Every thing is k but touch not good. I want to return but date is closed. Tell me how to return this phone
front camera quality is just ok. dont expect much and intermittently my screen /touch get freezed, then you turn off_ turn on screen, for unfreeze.  battery life & fingerprint reader is good
Not up to the mark . Touch is ok sometimes lag so much that it can irritate you..camera quality is not as good as ur expectation..anybody can get better quality phone in this price
Sound quality is good but tech issue is there not allowing to set ringtones
Phone is not that Good as expected. more unnecessary apps and feel that cost is high compared with realme or other with the same specifications.
front camera.....it is wrost then you may imagine....😬 It gets hanged in every minute...dont buy any samsung mobile never ever
Product was purchased 10 days back... immediately price is reduced.. really bad of Samsung
Highly disappointed with the Camera quality. Contacted Amazon for the refund but denied for the same. :-(
A same old problem in Samsung, Mobile gets heat up very quickly, hang, battery drain fast even it is 5000 mAh and most of the unwanted app has been installed. Touch response is very poor
I am totally disappointed with this product.when I open this box product is looking super good.but when I start the mobile i saw that the screen is damaged.not expecting.
The fingerprint reader is good but sometime not recognizing Camera is very incredible photos Battery life is very good  one day charge battery survived full day
Device is not working properly. Tochscreen and fingerprint sensors are not working properly. Black spots are now coming on the  screen. There is no response from amazon also. Worse service ever
SAMSUNG GOOD DESIGN PHONE M20 BUT .. CAMERA QUALITY VERY POOR... NO GOOD CAMERA BATTERY BACKUP GOOD.
Ghatia phone by samsung ever. Camera is very poor quality, finger print sensor not working properly, sometimes touch not working hanging problem a lot overall it's a very bad & cheap phone.
Overall product is good. But facing problem with mobile  network. Many times it shows network signal in mobile but doesn't allow outgoing and incoming calls. This has become headache to me.
Selfie photo bad,try other mobile
Not worth in 10k unless you are sophisticate with brand.  camera and processing are not good and slow.  Can be a good phone for old age parents  considering operational ease
Heating problem too much
Cheesy Camera quality👎 Cheapish display 👎 Awesome battery 👍👍
Everything is fine ,but Mobile sensor is not working and even when I am using mobile with sleeping pose phone touch is not working like it is working automatically. Please find the solution
I think this is a duplicate product ..the power button is very loose and got display issue within a month. Bought it only during first week of july.. would recommend to buy in Samsung store
It's worst phone I had. Hats off to fast charging it's taking 4hour to charged. F... Amazon won't replaced it's about 4month.
Phone not working after 15 days
Very disappoited with camera quality and amazon as well. I got m20 having very bad camera quality and when I want to return it the amazon agent told they didn’t return it. It just a useless phone and very bad service for amazon also.
Wen i put vodafone sim in this mobile network shows very less ...if any one call also its shows not reqchable it has network issiue..the same wen i use for huwai p20 its perfect
Anytime automatic ask busy when someone call, Fingerprint scanner slow Unlock, Heating issue when playing music only.
It's not for youths may be this phone is for our parents.. worst mobile camera i have ever seen.. battery backup is good..
Camera in bokemode  not  available
Phone works on its own way. All products purchased in Amazon is of no use. Continuous hanging problem. Touch screen issue. Have been to service centre 15 times.
Proximity sensor missing in phone. It uses ambient light sensor as proximity sensor. Which is 90% a miss. It gets really very irritating. Please stay away.
Front camera quality not good as describe in web. Compare with MI phones ,MI is the best in camera quality as mentioned in web. Also fast charging not working.  DONT BUY this Item.
The phone is not even worth it.And gets repeatedly while using And gets over heated.And have a very slow charging.This phone is of no use.The system storage covers all the storage of the internal device
Working so bad mobile is not working properly mobile not quality mobile price hi any person not bay Samsung mobile iam experience i sending please not bye Samsung mobile
Not as expected . Camera quality is good. Fingerprint reader is as expected. Battery life is good. But every time phone restarts it deregiste r Google pay from my phone.
Camera is good but battery is not so up to my expectations company says it will run 2days continuously if full charge but I had to recharge 2 to 3 time's a day,
Waste of product. I have bought it 6 month before and it has n number of issues. When i checked for the exchange offer it is showing that the IMEI number is not matching with the records..
Posting the review after using the M20 for six months. No camera is ok. Battery does not last as expected. Also if you use any type of phone cover then the phone overheats during charging.
Worst thing about this phone is the camera quality, its not natural at all and gives pink color idk why. Front camera is just the worst Finger print reader is slower after the update.
Good smartphone, but it gets heat up in long duration usage. Rest all features are good.
This phone is waste but it is good in battery life
Phone hangs often Display and battery good Photo not so good But phone hangs often Three months old
Good at this price point. Nothing to mention exclusively.
it is working not working properly and hanging most of the time
Battery super... Gud design.... hanging mobile... Camera not up to the mark ... Display super... For games dont prefer this.... For calls nd movies we can go with this...
The phone gets heated very quick and in summer days it would evenly burn your ears while talking on call. Overall the phone is good but the heating problem is the worst part of this phone.
Price is too high but quality is very low... Camera is low pic.. battery is not work inside the mobile
1. 5000 mah battery but getting 1 day backup. 2. Camera quality is very poor. 3. Display Glass very poor, fall on 2 ft, now broken glass...
Mobile is OK.Very good design .. UI very smooth to use. But but but .. this phone tower capturing power is poor. Network issues.
CHARGING TIMI CONSUMING CAMERA NOT SO GOOD BATTERY LIFE NOT GOOD AS COMPARE TO OTHERS 4200 AMP Gaming exprience so bad it get hang easily like B Pubg
Fingerprints is very slow and some times camera doesn't work🙄🙄 Nowadays my Samsung m20 doesn't work properly  sometimes it's switched off automatically and cut to the incoming and outgoing call.
Not bad. The price shd be a bit less for the features it can give.
Good features but bad performance
Battery is good. Since processor is Indian and trust me it's too slow. apps gets frequently crashes. Since this phone do not have anything, so battery life will be high
This phone has edge which is not comfortable on hand . After get it blue paint on the backside of the phone was not real because when i touch its colour is in my finger
It became too slow within 1 year of usage. And my father's redmi phones works perfectly after 3 years without a glitch. And is discharged and recharged very frequently.
Worst phone i ever buy.  Screen damage on 11th day of purchase. Samsung service center walo ne bhi thik krne k liye 4500 rupe mange.  Koi mat lena ye ghatiya phone.
I am using the cell for various use which is also perfectly helpful in same. I could not find Indian Rupees Symbol in my keypad of Samsung  M20, so if possible please intimate me the same
Using after 3months finger print sencor doesn't work Totally,so many lags when open 7 to 8 apps ,update provide by samsung last two month ago,so friends don't buy this m20,waste of money.
First smartphone on this planet without a censor which shuts the screen when you are talking! The screen is literally on while you talk over your phone.. Amazing creativity
Compare to redmi phone network signal very poor because already use another redmi phone on  same airtel networ radme network very good Samsung very poor
Display protection was very poor quality.my screen broken 2nd day.front camera is also average.
Frequent adds which you cant stop. Just waste of money. Camera is too poor. And using flash it becomes worst. DONT BUY
I have bought this cell phone one week back ,the apps automatically  gets open ,sometimes  I face hanging issue ,front camera  is not at all good Face detection  is too slow Battery is good
Lines are appearing on the screen since past few days. Please tell me how to get the phone rectified or return.
It is too heavy.. I felt the performance is lagging. Comparing to redmi note 5 ( with same prize ) It's performance is not satisfactory. The processor is appreciable....
Pros Good Battery Life Good Display Other Functions Ok  Cons Poor Camera Average Processor
It is the most unacceptable phone.  Gets Heat Up during calls - too scary, Network issues, hanging problem and problems and problems all over.  Why I bought this phone
Highly disappointed by Samsung....display is coming out within 2 days of use.....delivery boy was very arrogant. Amazon please take care of such unprofessional guys...
After 3 months of usage suddenly phone got shut down and when I visited samsung showroom issue with mother board.So much frustated with this mobile and heating issues.
Overall wide angle camera is best... It is like a go pro ...... You can also play PUBG 4gm is not that much good...but for this range it is good
On dates 22.04.19 mobile stopped working. Kindly suggest me what to do next, can you replace or repair the mobile.please revert me as soon as possible. Thanks Rahul Sharma
My device is getting heated up while charging  and there is no fast charging on this phone , as it takes a couple of hours to get fully charged. I want to replace the phone. Please help.
This is the baddest device battery performance starting 5 days good and suddenly going down down thats why i give 2 star for battery and camera quality is also bad. Processor is not good
The network signal strength of the phone very poor,  cant perform any operation over internet and cant even  make any calls while in the my home which is not happening with the same sim in other devices.
Don't buy this worst mobile. Mobile auto functioning itself.  Touch problem is too much
Worst ever phone by Samsung. Not worth quality of camera and battery. Dont purchase it. Bad experience
Phone can't work with multiple apps battery was good but not up to mark
Mobile getting hang after one month used, i am unable to switch on device..everytime automatically switch Off and On. Bad experienced ever with reputed company.
Not acceptable as a Samsung Product. Fingerprint reader works occasionally, camera is of poor quality. In 3 months it started giving problems with software. It stopped working.
Am using Samsung from a long time but this M20 disappointed me a lot. It has charging issues.does not charge properly reboots itself automatically,Touch screen is not sensitive
This product is average,  need some improvement  in fingerprint reader. Screen quality  is good and camera  quality  is average. Battery  life  is positive point of this phone.
Samsung again hung problem and other problem is, this item is auto active, automatic open his feature and fungstion without any touch..biggest problem.......
Only looking good , Camrea is not good, sensor not work properly. Over all not gud. I buy this and sale in only 3 days. With a loss of 4000 thousnad. Now i get Mi poco f1 . Superb  mobild.
Honestly don't go for this phone. One the first week itself it stopped charging. Got the port replaced. No slow motion or time lapse support. Only good thing is fast charging and notch display.
Battery heat when calling..and also when charging....camera quality is not good..hanging problem is also there...so guys my opinion is not purchase... .
It has been 2 months, the phone has started hanging Camera quality is not as good as its competitors Battery is good,1.5 days with full usage.
Working good but camera quality poor battery life is good Face unlock is not working properly dialling option is delay
Very bed product . It's display suddenly got invisible just after 2 months use. When i contacted the service center they told me that you have to pay rs  4200/- for display change.
I have never use a Mob like M20 , This mob give a bad experience to me, and it is hanging too much, even i have format it, after format  hanging not stooped, i bought this mob 1-june-19
Samsung fooled us with this disgusting phone. It hangs after 1 hours of use. They tried to make a cheap copy of One Plus 6T but failed. I will not recommend it to anyone who is a gamer.
Very works feature,  no mirror link, frequently disables of Android auto...poor camera clarity White shade in selfi.. Not like Samsung brand...phone work like cheap brands....
Battery life not good as it was expected for 5000mah. Camera is good and fingerprint is also quick. Sometimes touch screen stops responding for seconds and everything is fine.
The mobile use to hang frequently.within a span of 03 months after purchasing the mobile the mother board damaged which were replaced by the company.But till facing problem of hangouts.
To much over heat, even when ph is lock and kept ideal it is worm.......? And very costly services if I r screen get damaged by water. Other company @ same price offer water resistance.
I won't suggest u to buy this phone..there r alot of bugs regarding charging system..most of the tym they show u moisture content in ur usb port.. camera quality is worse evr i hv seen.
Most dissatisfied with Samsung mobiles especially M20, no doubt Samsung is falling behind. The mobile is very slow and quite heavy camera quality is awful and touch sensitivity is weak.
During Calls, the volume of person speaking from other side is very low and many times unaudible. This is very bad feature.  Due to this , I have exchanged a phone in a week .
Phone is good but camera quality is worst than compare same category phones like xiomi also picking up heat very soon..
Lots of unnecessary apps and settings .Due to which play store is not downloading desired apps.and adds comes frequently on display.but phone is OK.
good looking,camera is average,speed is average,no back cover,no screen gard..no any special features except fast charging..at this price better product is available in mi  note 7 and realme 3.
Dont buy this product..ekdam bakvas...samsung is now not samsung..samsung me ab pahele jesi quaĺity nahi he..m series ekdam bakvas he..m20 hang ho raha he..so dont waste money
Fully disappointed... 1st two weeks its performed good., after that very poor performance like non brand Chinese mobiles. especially battery performance very poor...
This is worst Mobile I ever seen in my experience, the 5000mah battery is only name sake, the Mobile getting too hot while charging and no application can be usable that time,
the worst phone and worst service given by Amazon... Its touch is not smooth even nowdays we have a lot of brands providing smooth touch than this... phone is hanging so much.
Request a black one got a blue. Touch glitch is real. If u have to many app the glitch will start.
show very slow internet even in other phone with same sim internet speed is very good.
Fingerprint issue is too much , its too much time to accept the finger, also front camera result is poor, also ram problem , phone working slow
Over heating I was very much disappointed.... I never expected this from Samsung....
Working timing and quality not good. Any app download took disastrous time. Which is very ridiculous. Brand like samsung with this type quality not expected.
Poor performance in many aspects. There are lots of ads in regular UI. Phone hangs frequently. Display is good but camera is not that good.
This product is not made for young generation as the processing is very slow.  If you or your parents are beginners to android then you can use it
Fake product  problem in touch
cameras quality is like VGA fake dual camera , camera app goes black and freezes there.  touch not smooth and being 3gb ram it frequently lags and freezes.
Very worst music output...if u want hear good music with headphone dnt buy this....iam very disappoinment on music output from audio jack...otherwise battery backup and camera is ok...
Samsung m20 Is a  worest product  battery  level only  good  but always  phone is hanging  I  lost 12000  wastely  so  please don't but  net bagaa use chesevallu asalu konakandi  waste
Worst phone. System hang.. touch also doesnt work properly. amazon also foolong customer. Ther are not taking return also. they only say that they will take back. but they doesnt.
Sound not clear.. display doesn't work properly... overheats .. Not happy with this phone.
Got issue with touch in 15 days.... Service Centre repaired it but got another issue of speaker phone. Samsung tried to compete with MI but couldn't match the quality......
Bad quality product and it starts hanging within 2 days of buying. Not recommend to buy even in 5K..
finger print reader is not working after few days. Need to restart every time while traveling. Signal capture is very bad. Not worthy for the money
It's horrible mobile, total settings is horrible, I am unsatisfied for this mobile, I advise for new buyers please don't buy this worrest mobile...
Start to hangout from the 3rd day of use....
worst experience with this phone.
Slow fingerprint response and average camera.
Very bad quality front camera...its overlaps edges of the pictures ..hang sooo much .....vry disappointed with Samsung M series...don't buy it
Display is excellent  but while making calls phone is getting heated and voice clarity is not at all good and suggest some one how to replace the mobile I bought it 3 days before only
Network handling is very poor and internet connection and speed compare to other phones very poor,Its too heavy,its vibration is very low,
The text option has a limit of 20 contacts which doesn't work for me. It doesn't allow copy of contact numbers while texting, needs each number to be added separately
Bad product poor camera quality I have ever seen from Samsung. Hanging constantly, you need yo wait to run it again.
Samsung M20 IS MY WORST EXPERIENCE INTHIS INTERNET CONNECTION IS WORST & ANY COMPANY NETWORK COVERAGE IS THE WORST SO PROBLEMS IN CALL DROPPING SO PLS ALL R SUGGEST TO GO FOR OHER BRAND
1.Fast delivery by flipkart. 2.Lookwise Superb. 3.very worst battery backup 5000mAh??? doubtful. used fullday twice charged. 4.fast charging is good.
Worst I did mistake by buying on Amazon the mobile is getting over heated and its hanging and there no support even after complaints we should not buy mobiles online especially Amazon
I have buy Samsung M20 Ocen blue before 20 days yesterday this automatically off and not on phone. It is very bad M series phone. I want to replace this phone please help Amazon team.
I Received faulty Unit. There is issue with screen as it goes blank and hang while using  From the first 5 min of use it started hanging. Chasing amazon team for replacement
It hangs , videos sometimes get stuck while audio continues....battery drains fast,  just like 3000 mah , keyboard types itself.  Sensors are very slow...
Product is good bt di think there is some problem in touchpad...because it operates automatically some times
Selfie/front camera very poor quality. Speakers & sound quality is not good. Camera blur option not works. Phone software is not working properly. Old android version in 2019.
Little bit of water fell on my phone, couple of days after I bought this phone and the screen was showing bars on the screen. Tried to give for warranty and they didn't help
This phone has heating problem. Pl don't buy this phone. According Amazon customer care 40 degree heat is normal in this phone, Can they hold 40 degree head object.
Phone is hanging on the very first day...Need to wait for few more weeks to check its stabjlity.  Pictures quality is good.  Look and feel is nice
This phone is very poor product of Samsung. And this poor product supply and sell by Amazon. Very network connectivity problem in this phone.
Mobile is awesome looking but my mobile is hanging some times and battery is not up to they told.. heating like anything. Too much weight. Camera clarity is so nice. Loved but not satisfied..
The phone has issues from day 1. The phone does not respond quickly when answering or declining the call.
very poor product, so many problem in the product. Battery is not getting charged, speaker sound is fluctuating, phone is getting hanged, very disappointing phone, please do not buy it.
Wife not working properly
Worst mobile in this range Samsung can ever make. Worst network  connectivity and sensitivity wherever you go and whichever network you are using you will face network issues.
I don’t advise to buy this phone. It’s very slow , sometimes it strucks, poor touch response for light user like me. Except battery capacity nothing good.
Front Cam Doesn’t Have better quality
I use to hv mi phones, but tried once of samsung. All the features gonna lose with in few months as well as charger not working...  Sorry SAMSUNG I never hoped this from u.
Overall the phone is good.Processor is not up to mark.Hangs more often.heats up while charging.Screen replaced with warranty recently. Display is good.samsung must try stock android.
I have used it for about 4 months , overall its okay , but have hanging problem and also the front camera is very much poor , and also portait mode works only on human face capture .
only samsung branding nothing to mention specially. Camera quality is worst, only comparable with 6000-7000 rupees phones.  Use interface also just ok not as friendly as Mi or others
The  mobile is screen freezing even for the smallest of the games like Ludo. Even if more 4 apps are opened, the screen is freezing, and it takes a lot of time to come to normal
I ordered this product from Amazon but from last mnth screen is not working properly and phone also have heat up problem.. It was just waste of money that I ordered it from Amazon...
It has amazing battery life . Camera is bad . Fingerprint unlock is not quick compared to redmi oppo . Display is good . If you are looking for great battery life this is the phone .
It hangs a lot and contains 4 GB ram. I didn't store to much of things. I don't know what is the problem. It disturbed me a lot I cannot use it properly and cannot call from it even.
we bought new phone march-2019. but battery charges take minimum 5 hrs. and screen is off while the video running. am very disappointed the Galaxy M20.  Any option is possible change the mobile.  Serial NO:RZ8M31TALAB
This mobile is not good it has charging problem and within 6 month only battery has been bursted not a good product at all and very risky for life.
Worst phone ever by Samsung Don’t buy..
I love the batter life. I hate the system performance it lags very much and is slow
Worst camera phone. Worst Game playing experience ever. Only thing that is good in this phone is it's battery.
Very cheap quality. I didn't like it. Not worth. Face recognition is very bad. Not working properly. Looks like samsung compromised with quality.
Un-natural position for finger print sensor Camera not good Performance on day to day things such as WhatsApp and YouTube is also laggy
I am using m20 from March 2019. It's touch does not work properly. When I use it more than 1 or 2 hours, it becomes heat. I never advice to u to buy this product, battery backup is good.
It does not work if you take it out of India. Except built nothing is super. Just good look phone.
Worst phone.... As Samsung is famous for hanging.... M20 started hanging after 2 month .... and ghost touch is like its secondary function...😂 please don't but this phone..
Function is same on other company but price is very high then oppo,vivo and other company's. hanging problems is very bad in all samsung phones
It is average phone for use. It doesn't have Securtiy S secure Knox folder.  It is lagging other premium feature as well
Some time Fingerprint sensor not working properly
Samsung problem  hanging problem Samsung=hang
My worst selection in past 10-15 years. .  Better go for MI products
Proximity sensor issue arises. Fingerprint scanner is quite slow. Product not worth rupees 13 thousand. Features are not at par other mobiles in this range of money.
Processor is very poor.. Too much hanging problem. Don't buy this item.. Don't  waste your money.. Good Luck
Greater phone in this price, but the front camera is worst with 8mp it can not take clear selfi. Phone is very powder full  no lag sbplaying  PUBG.
Very delicate display screen just one light drop screen broken display quality compromised to give mobile at budget cost not wort buying
worst mobile ... dont buy it... from day one there is problem in mobile...3-4 times technician arranged by amazon..but issue not resolved... very worst exp with this samsung mobile.
frankly giving feedback as i received product giving some problems like not sensing screen touch sometime and after doing lock unlock process then it proceed. It happens frequently.
Sometimes it works ok but most of times it disappoints me. Touchscreen is less responsive. Most of times phone works slowly. Fingerprint sensor is not good. Not a good phone at all.
Never buy samsung......worst finger print sensor , lags a lot, bad camera ...better go for mi phones. I dont why i bought it even after so many telling me not to.
Excellent display and touch but Camera quality is not good, battery heating problem when you watch videos.
Best budget smartphone from Samsung.... Loved camera quality.... great battery performance with less charging time..... Nice built quality....overall great phone with great specs....
1. Lot of ads with default apps. 2. Camera is not bad. 3. Phone hangs, chrome browser stopped several times in two days. 4. Signal problem is there.
Very poor camera quality plz dont by this phone
Faulty product received , first setup not completed since last day.  Second time also defected product received. Finally purchase mi a3 working very good
pros:-Good Screen, Fast charge, average performance,average front camera,good rear camera Cons:-Fast Battery Drainage,Slow fingerprint.  At 9000 I suggest this phone.
First day itself started face problems...mobile was not charging...started charge after long time...that to very slow not good experience with product..highly dissatisfied
this product is hang many time. and screen is also abnormal behave without any touch.
Fingerprint reader is quite laggy.. camera quality standard.& battery life is too good. Network quality is very very very poor..prosser is also quite laggy as my opinion just i say.
Worst display and never buy any phone in flash sale
Battery life was good but phone get heat very quickly after using internet(around 1-2 hrs). In starting fingerprint work good but sometimes it is not so good as we expect.
It hangs up. Sometimes Buffering time is too long, does not behave like a 4gb ram.
Over heating while charging the mobile Hanging problem while using apps Not suitable for games Poor cam quality Fingerprint is not working properly Not a worthy product
Very cheap phone. Don't purchase anyone. It's got hang automatically. 3 time's I have updated it's software from service center and now I have broken.... Waist of money
Box inside full dust... it seems like old stock
Sir i am having problem in my mobile charging.its taking about 10 to 12 hours to make it 100% charging.what I should do sir whether it should be rectified or it should get changed.
The mobile features a humongous 5000Mah battery. Samsung claims to have the best battery backup. The charge comes down from 80% to 50% in less than 3 hours without much of activity
This is the worst phone from sam My m20 was at samsung service centre since  05/05/2019 b'coz of its software is damaged Motherboard problem.. Don't buy this product
Colour is different as u viewing in photo.. Network issue u will feel while using Worst phone..
1st of all it hangs... it has 3 gb ram n 32 gm storage. Still hangs. This product is supperior but Even my samsung on7 pro is better then it. Totaly disappointed.
Bad performance on playing pubg and other game And multi app use phone overheat and hanging problem
Response of the finger print is very slow. Camera and display is ok. It takes two hour for full charge. Battery life is one day. Overall three star
I don't know why if capturing pic in low light with front camera it will blur but not with back camera... so front camera is not good for low light...😬
Processor is  not as expected when compared with other similar product from competition, Camera quality is bad , front camera is of no use , front flash is of no use
Camera quality is average, else everything is fine. Battery life is excellent, Finger print sensor work accurate. Also best UI in android phone. Nice phone in 10K budget.
I ordered a phone for my friend,he using last one week but now observed lot of issue,display touch problem And having no proper response from Amazon
I think amazon account is save my credit  card details. I have many times facing problem for this. Now I have already complaint for this but amazon team is not support.
It lags alot. Only displays is a plus. Touch is not that fast, it takes time to do anything.
It has been 6 months now and hanging problem started some time you will not be able to cut call and suddenly some apps will not be responding . Image remains same as Samsung phone hanging issue.
The phone is getting heated while charging and connected with internet. Fingerprint sensor is not good and camera is ok according to price of the phone.
I used it since 6 months and its HANG to much Even my phone memory is enough
Battery backup is amazing. Camera quality is not upto the mark. Unlock speed is slow and mobile functions slowly. Mobile look and screen is awesome.
Don't buy this mobial after 10 days mobial not woking properly and amazon return window also close. Problem in this mobial is when i use any application then without click it open
battery not support fast charging
Very bad ....not got for it ....I'm using it just 3 weeks . Now its hanging too often. Touch is not supporting.  Camera is not good. Very bad experience.  I'm very very disappointed with this .
Look of the mobile is too good and fingerprint reading also good but battery pack up is not as expected and 3 days after the usage it started hanging that istoooo bad thing for me
I am very disappointed with this order because of I get only charger and phone. There was no head phone inside the packet. Normally all phone getting  head phone along with phone.
Quality of body and the system features the worst phone even seen wih the system cant download samsung music I would even go for negative if yet given a chance for the rating
While placing the order it shows phone along with back cover.  But nothing came along with phone.  Even headphones also not available.
Phone is very handy but I am very disponted from camera 😳😳it's poor quality and display quality wrost 😬😬😬 Only one thing in good .battery life is good
Phone speed is very slow ,set hange is a big issue in this model fingerprint sensor is working very slow don't buy the Samsung phones it totally wastage of mony
Cost wise phone is good in terms of camera and processing power.  Sound quality is not up to the mark and some time faced Data network issues
Very low quality phone Always showing moisture detected and not charging Too much hanging problem You can't play pubg in high graphic Very low quality phone
Hangs very often. Network disconnection issues. Have to restart phone.
Below avg front camera.. back camera struggle in low light. overall phone is fast, no lag experienced.. feels heavy in hand.
Camera is below average Sound quality is fine Battery life is good
It is very poor when I compare to other mobile and most of the time call drop or didn't get network.
Phone is very slow in responding now
I like this product but the phone sometimes hang and battery drained and the phone is very poor in internet connection.its automatically disconnected frequently in a day
Samsung M20 has still same problem that is to be hang during working.  My same mobile is hanging repeatedly. It happened after 4 moths. Worst mobile.
Worst phone ever made by Samsung, every time, it gets stuck, very slow finger print sensor, camera will take much time to focus, even a 5000rs phone is better than this.
over all m20 smartphone is good but its very poor quality of portrait mode camera picture shots . Main subjects edges blur.. Another thing polycarbonate body to very fast scratches..
Display - 5/5 Battery - 4/5 Camera - 3/5 Speakers - 3.5/5 Touching - 2/5 Security system - 3/5 Battery - 4/5 Performance - 2.5/5
I am using this mobile from last 20 days, moble is hanging from now, and the most worst part is mobile touch. Dont'n bye this product.
not working, its switched off from last 10 days. contacting amazon on regular basis no action taken. very poor services. worst experience ever.
Everything is good but there is some connectivity issue in this phone.
I already owned a 3gb ram phone and now I have this 4gb ram phone, there is no difference.Phone gets heated often.
Signal receive sucks in this mobile, same network working fine in other mobiles.. price is less with these features but without signal what would be the use.. even battery also not that great
HevyGames (102MB) not support , only looks like, battery is good ,camera not satisfied ,charging fast ok, totally not correct youth ,this phone is only 40years above people using made it
Face recognition poor quality. Unlock the phone even with closed eyes. Low light is good. Image stabilization need to be improved. Sometimes screen get stuck due to full screen
Not a very good one. Camera quality extremly poor. Software malfunctioning is an unique added feature. Front camera is utterly rubbish one. In this case Samsung really collapsed.
Attractive Infinity V display Excellent Battery Life Ultra Wide Angle Camera Runs on Andriod Orea with Experience UI Fast Charge Support Fast Face Unlock
Hang while you type fast, fingerprint sensor is not upto the mark.camera quality is so so selfie camera is not good as expected. Battery life and fast charging is top notch.
The back side is so not good looking .... Looks like a very cheap phone like 5000 RS phone... Vivo ,oppo and realme in this range provides glass back
It's a really good product if you are looking for battery life and for the brand name otherwise there is lots of other options from xiaomi and realme.
Camera quality is not axpected as sumsung brand specially front camera... Very bad quality...The images were like not real...
Phone is good but Face recognition  is not good in low light as well as its taking  to much time more than 4 hours to charge fully, fingerprint reader  is good but sometimes  not work properly.
Picture quality is good but not mate on my expectations. Sound quality is average. Battery performance is too bad. Also device having heating issue while i am doing multitasking and gaming.
Phone is good just look wise because sometimes it touch doesn't work well but it is getting hang also during use this phone. better then to buy it buy other brand.
Defective piece of Samsung galaxy M20 Please don't Buy And Please don't waste your money
Charging problems detected And sim cart problems also and Samsung care response is very poor. Very bad experience with Samsung care(in warranty).
Money bestage productor hagging problam
Phone is very very slow since day one.
Battery ok camera is very bad.... Display is tft do not good .... Overall is bad in 12 k
Very bad product . After using only 4 months battery problem is start . And another lots of problem have in this product... very very bad experience..
 Phone Hanging so many times and apps doesn't opened,  screen blur/shaking when using mobile.. So I need a help I will go to refund my money.
Reason to buy because of Samsung branding 😠😠😠😡😡😡😠😡😡😡😡😡😠😡😡😡😠 Hang hang hand at first day this hand and amazon say we can't replce it
3rd class phone dont go for it screen is the biggest disappointment and its hanging a lot now within 15 days screen is flickering nd phone is hnaging like hell dont waste your money
Signal sensor is very bad, camera quality is good, fingerprint sensor is good, battery life is good.
Not charged battry when i took charger to phone something error shows and not chared phone.i bought phone 22 june..in 15 days charging issue happen....i took -5 star to product.
Overall good phone , only sometimes touch doesn't work and Camera quality is medium, not so satisfying. Phone is user friendly.  Good Samsung phone in this range.
Not worth it if you are looking for multitasking. Was good for regular usage for year then it just started lagging out on daily especially while charging touch isn't responsive.
Good  But some issues with touch and sound quality
Selfie camera quality is not good. And heating problem is also irritating. Do not buy. Instead buy MI phones. Far better than samsung in this range.
Phone has lot of performance lag. very slow in opening app and other function. Finger printer is also slow. Battery life is average. Only camera is very good.
It's not working within 2 months. Mobile has reboot issue again and again. Waste of money. No one responding after purchase.
Bad mobile after 15 days My mobile is to much hanging  and when I didn't touch anything but  it's automatically operates it's own way and my Amazon return policy date is also closed  now what can I do please help me
Company cant take return my phone. In this battery  problem and cant 28hour video bettery performance
Finger print sensor is not responding immediately..battery is good but not feels like 5000 mah ....it performs like 3500 mah battery
Normal usage is Okey. But some heating problem detected when using internet service (Online shopping sites, some news apps).
Proximity sensor does not work...
Not at all satisfactory....touch is very poor and network issue......I'm having a lot if network issue after I shifted my sim from old phone to this one.......not expected from Amazon
After using this mobile almost 1 year its started getting hang. Mobile not working properly sometimes it is not responding screen got freeze. Waste of money.
Worst mobile  not purchase this item my mobile software update but not touch work  40 day samsang service center display change not respect and redy am use nokia 1209 mobile
Camera is worst! Back design is also not good. Chutiya ban jaoage, mat lena ye dabba!
Lot of Problems -Heating issue -while playing pubg,goes off in middle -poor camera -Lot of bugs But design of mobile is good
Likes: Amazing Design Great Features Good Battery Life  Dislikes: Camera Quality Is Not Much Good Fingerprint sensor Detection Is Little Slow
Worse phone I have ever seen.withinn one month we found a black sport at its screen, its touch doesn't work well. Service centre claiming Rs 4500 for it within warranty period.
Despite having good review the phone display got dead while rest of the phone is ok within 2 days. Very much disappointed in samsung. Hope the replacement phone will work fine.
Worst product received from Amazon, d defective one...few are the problems : Worst packaging Touch is not working Could not read Fingerprint Defective piece
Item has been received without head set or ear phone. Please enquire this issue because in normal shops this item is available with head set which is always kept in the packet.
About product dey had said its fast chargin device but d 1 i bought its not chargin fast at all.. no network on dat phone.. where as i get network for other phone on same place
Phone looking gud,,,but charging not accepted my phone. That's y 1star.  Return that product.
Measure problem Heating Sound quality dull No feature given double tap to screen wake up No fast charging Face lock not well No security features provided good
I purchased on 22nd Feb..  and now I'm facing hanging problem.. default n installed both are opn and work automatically sometimes... I'm very dissatisfied with this service..  unexpected
First day of use..bhot hang hone lag gaya..finger print sensor kaam ni kar re si se..
Phone is a bit slow when compared with other 3gb ram mobiles..finger print sensor also lags..battery was damn good..camera was ok..look wise it's fantastic..
My touch has some issues .It automatically selects and types at first I thought it would be some bug but it was not.really disappointed with Samsung
Returnung the product charging issue half an hour charge only charged 15% tried new  charger and different  switch still the same very dissapointed.
Finger print sensor average. Touch also ok. Waiting for Android p. It's an average phone. Those who likes Samsung for that people this is far better phone in this price factor.
Gaming very poor and picture quality is low and also low lite Plase do not buy for gaming purpose this product
This phone hangs a lot..even after complaining to Amazon, they disagreed to change the product. Please see other options..it's total waste of money..pathetic camera..
During charging and normal use phone hitting issue. Such a bad quality phone. Dont go for M20 lacking issue , slowness. Cheap phone with highly chep performance.
Again same problem in mobile  touch work automatically  I want to change mobile m20  I had brought 2 mobile  and same problen in 2 mobile
Please ....Do not buy Totally west of money
Samsung product is vest touch is not working proparly and camera qulity is very bed so plz dont purches m20 phones its totaly vest ur money
After using it for 6 months I found it not recommended to anyone. Slow processor hang very frequently. Don't buy this phone. I will never buy Samsung products
Well working but not happy with fingerprint sencer and first parformence
Worst camera quality. Poor display clarity...i am using s6 plus which is best....so i believed m20 will be good as a Samsung product....but i won't suggest to buy Samsung M20.
All over good but , my mobile is properly not work and touch screen problem, so when I return or replace this item that is very poor and , because not  a available for return.
Camera: 2/5 (on night) and almost 4/5 rating star (on day). Battery: 5/5 Perfomance: Good Fingerprint: 4/5 Faceunlock: 3/5 For PUBG gaming: Good.
Worst part of the phone is camera . It takes time to focus and not able to focus if the object is too close and the best part of the phone is battery life.it is just perfect .
Old people phone.. not the kind for fancy youth...
Charging socket issue was since from months , recently it was burnt and given burning smell . Was the worst mobile from Samsung . Amazon please stop doing marketing for cheaper one .
Wrong back to brand Samsung unable change change ringtone after call customer care they also unable change ringtone poor 5000 MAH battery waste money
Not that great phone. Start lagging after couple of months. And no much customisable ui.
Processor is really bad l, less than 1 month of purchase had to service phone, still hangs during receiving calls.  Very bad, zero value for money
Screen damaged
Camera quality is not good indoor. Outdoor its somewhat ok. Touch and speed not that much for this RAM and Internal Memory. Processor is very poor.
Phone has many bugs, dont buy M series insted u can go for A series if only samsung is needed.
Not good in face recognition n low camera quality
The features in phone considering price is good.  But the major problem is some times the screen gets hanged. Also the phone goes very slow & hangs occasionally
Some thing hardware problem with this M series .  Handset worn that some moisture detected in usb port. And heating and battery drainage problem. I am not satisfied.
The phone looks great but face recognition and fingerprint does not work well, except this two drop points all work great.
Damage mobile received
Over rated product
Cheated by AMAZON and SAMSUNG: face unlocking not working, camera quality, sound quality,touch quality is very bad....battery discharging and faster charging not working
Netwark problem phone m20
battery life is good decent camera in day  but lots of lack problem most of the time phone is not work properly & heat after 20 -30mint ...so,one my point of view I can't recommend this phone
So much hanging problem after update. Screen freeze automatically. Touch stop working . Sometime anything open automatically and screen Aps start working automatically without touch.
I like full screen I don't like hit I have many time used USB cable another there after no change on change and moblie hit is most problem
No head phone, after six months it started hearing problem when voice call is done.
Phone heating issue and performance is slow..
Don't buy in amazon bcoz the product is not gud my phone's sd card slot is not working..i bought it on 14th July..
Found software issue with this product After contacting 3-4times with customer care couldn't solve the issue But product will be returned after technical inspection
vry bad product...aftr 1 month..no fast charge..not bttry life like a 5000mh...n phone go heat aftr useing...dont buy this phone...evn phone going hang...waste of money..😭😭
I m taking 2 pcs of m20 but one pc are very bed when im open app but phone screen not working then im using power off key and restart then im use it so please solb my problem
Display doesn't come when switching on power button and caller information is not displayed when the call is received, so not able to see who is the caller, worst experience.
I could not put the memory card. Because memory card drive was not fit in the device.
Good phone in this amount all features working properly charging cable should be more long and camera is not matching the standard that is showing in the ads otherwise it is a good phone.
Worst phone of my life, very duplicate product by Samsung, it hangs, too fat, screen cracks after falling accidentally
Finger print sensor e is wrost & from the 3rd of use.. Phone started hanging on heavy use
Low camera quality and slow finger print.
Amazing dispaly and battery backup but charging slow because giving a fast charger but 2 hours charge 100%  battery and camera 3 rating and hanging problem slow processor
Having microphone and speaker issues. Unable to hear the voice of the ones who are speaking properly.
Front camera very bad. It becomes heat eventhough we don't use phone. If there is any possibility please replace phone My contact number is 7989674922
This is a good phone only towards the price ,mine started hanging in the first 15 days of purchase even went to Samsung they reloaded the software but the hanging problem still remains
Samsung has not been able to solve the hanging problem till now...  Phone having the capacity of 4 and 64 gb hangs randomly and touch of the phone not working frequently ..
Phone was stocked, as usually like old Samsung phones, I buy this mobile because Samsung mobile's are changed now but the mobile's are not changed same like old version Samsung phones
Very poor resolution images captured by camera. Doesn't look images captured by 13MP rear camera. Worst experience. Other over all things are ok..
Good  camera battery 5/5 screen 2/5
Very smooth to tooch screen There is wide camera lens but no depth sensor It is very difficult to understand setting as compared to Redmi and honor phones
Decent phone with almost major requirements. The camera get blur after few months of use. The back of the mobile look a bit dull. But great phone in the price range
Everything is good ...but need to improvement in camera..and charger quality is very poor ...its not working in fast charging mode..and its working in normal phones
BLUETOOTH IS NOT EFFECTIVE. NO CAR MODE/ MIRROR LINK. HANGING OFTEN. APPS AUTOMATICALLY OPERATES . DISPLAY RUNS UP AND DOWN OFTEN
Don't buy this phone.because it is very slow and struck when using and bad camera...IAM giving review after using for 3 weeks....
Very bad perfomance, charging time more than 3 hrs, signal not shown properly..totaly disappointed.
Gave 3star for the brand that's all ... Looks like Samsung have lowered their standards
Display not good...which is affected oñ eyes. After using some time this dangerous for our eyes. Otherwise good ...cost of money.
After software update,  I am facing ghost touch issue,  have to restart to use again
Problem  of stuck Battery is  not  working  as 5000 mah Photos  are not  clarity Average  performance Over heating  problem It is bad
My item is good but not satisfied because in the box no headphone. But now I want headphones.
The notch is good, but the speaker and the camera is not good
Worst product
Call receiveing problem same time call not receive without fingar print and hanging problem also
I always use Samsung & I love Samsung.my Issue in finger print sensor only. Sometimes show error in finger print sensor.
Not so impressive compare to other competitors with similar price tag
Very bad quality product never ever buy a Samsung mobile I have visited more then 5 times to the service centre since i have purchased this mobile and yet facing issues
Worst display quality i have ever seen in this range...bina gire hi display kharab ho gyi wo b 4 month m..or service centre walo ne warranty se out bta diya ...worst company
Pure battery response, as battery is of 5000mah. Need often charging.. Pure Network problem, Slow Internet speed as compared to competitors.. Heavy to carry..
Writing this review after 3 months of use.. Face detection & fingerprint too late.. processor not too good.. Google camera not supported.. Camera quality is medium.. Battery is best
Average fon
There is problem  in power lock unlock button..with brandname samsung one cant expect  this kind of problem..beside  that  phone is wort for value
Not satisfied with tha phone. Processor and Camara are very important and Samsung is serving its the worst in M20
There is display problem in samsung M20  mean the display was doesn't fix or attached to body is note well  up side of display the internal light or focused as show in images send by me
The phone is getting hang in just 3wk used. No game and not installed as such extra apps. I am very dissatisfied with the phone. Very poor experience with this set.
This phone box haven't any earphone,any screen protector,any back cover,This is very bad,I receive only phone and charger,This is very bad...bad bad bad..
I recentrly purchase this phone. fingerprint reader bettery life and face recognition all are good but i am disappointing with camera it not good at all, need to inprove it.
All Gud.. But Camera Quality Very poor
Worst phone.getting hanged often and display doesn't turn on whenever I receive a call...I need to press the power button and even then there is no display on who's calling.worst phone ...dont buy
Very poor quality
Overall a good phone for non gaming person. It hangs a bit while answering a phone call and sometimes it just freezes. Have to lock and unlock to make it work
I purchase 2 MI 20 phones and experienced lags in every process after 1 month of use.  and then purchased RedMI 8, price lower than this one, far better.
The Sim & memory card slots are not in good condition, they are little bit in curve & delicate.  I have tried thrice to open the same for insert the sim.
Good one, but not fulfilled our expectation like compare to vertically vise to horizontal the screen size is not good....and fingerprint was very worst to operate.
Bad
GOOD FEATURE & GOOD FUNCTION BATTERY LIFE IS GOOD BUT CAMERA QUALITY NOT GOOD IF I COMPARE REALME 2PRO  CAMERA I iN THIIS PRICE RANGE AND I FACE SOME HEATING ISSUE IF I PLAY HEAVY GAME.
West product
Phone Display Dead within 24 hour. Wrost Quality product from samsung as always. Slower than its competitors. Not Value For Money Phone.
Poor quality
West of money I use this phone form 4 months and charging pin  problem and Samsung care charge Dem 1200 rupees . What's is this ?? Please don't by Samsung any other phone...
i am very much unsatisfied, features are not good and some time verymuch confused, signals are very weak, camera not upto mark as said in advertisement
Good - Battery backup super, performance good Bad - front camera very bad, contact s not showing with number s because may download contact s to Google contact s but only show name
Sometimes suddenly hang, most important not coverage of JIO network. Always browsing of network... Request to solve mobile problem.
Look was quite decent and smart this the only quality in M20 but the screen touch is not good and the picture quality video quality not as they were wrote in there specifications etc
Don't buy this phone as be know Samsung Hanging issue which makes the phone bad and Samsung GalaxyM20 has this problem .I am very much annoyed by this issue of my phone😔😔
Disappointed with Phone. There is a problem in outgoing calls from day 1. I have changed the current sim also still the problem remains the same. Only Incoming calls .
Battery is not as expected, and phone is not goid for pubg players, if you guys want phone to attend calls and play music then this phone is good, rest it is waste of money
If you are a hardcore gamer. Then this is not suitable  but if you want battery backup then go for it.  Processor is little bit slow i must say .  All in all a good phone .
Product is ok but camera quality is very poor for this price range.  Update after 6 month  Software complaint.
Display issue, display automatically got internal fault, black line not able to see anything
It is not for gaming, processor was not good. Thin fon is good for general use like whatsapp facebook instagram camera etc.
Over all its a avg phn but considering its price its become very handy with 5000mah battery. But its network quality is little bit on the lower side.. and will make u frustrate
Waste of money. Fooling customers. My phone stopped working with in two days and no proper response from Amazon.
Battery doesn't work properly. Charging time more. No use of ctype. Much more issues. Cashback not received yet. Why do u show offers then?
Charging port not working properly. for getting full charge it's take 8 to 10 Hours. Note : There is No Refund & replacing process is also not user friendly.
Good points : Camera quality, battery life all good ... Bad points : Touch sensitivity is bad, not for gamers. I love playing games but this phone is not good games like pubg or cod .
Most of the time fingerprint wont work at all Camera n sound is good Hanging problem is there Battery does not long last even it is 5000mh
Product is used previously, i can see the dust particles inside the phone wrapper. wrapper over the USB port is completely removed and improper. Requesting to replace/return.
Camera of phone is worst. Software need to improve. Lot of noise in photo of camera.  Performance and display is good.  Mobile phone gives flagship feeling.
Full full full lag in pubg if you want buy this phone for playing games please don't buy this phone.. All other things are good like camera, Sound,Battery etc..
The phone that i purchased has some issues while making calls.. First two attempts would have sound issues.. Only third time call gets connected
Nic product . But a little bit heating . Camera quality is very very poor , not act up to others samsung phone . Dont buy if you like gaming .
1.Fingerprint reader not working properly . 2.Camera quality average not good. 3.Battery is so good...
Sir I want bill of this product for my record bcoz this mobile is going on problem or error. My email id is  dilipunionbank@gmail.com.  kindly provide us as soon as possible. Thanks.
overall performance not satisfied. Bakwas selfie camara and very slow Processer
Fingerprint is unable to detect properly and face lock is also slow as expected and battery life is too good in Samsung
Not so good phone for this price... Don't buy it
Overall bad performance. I have done three times factory reset. Sudden Black screen display. Hang problem is there. Camera quality is not an expectation.  No waterproof. Worst Performance
Worst quality from Samsung After 20 days of usage ,phone started it's operation on its own
Everything about mobile is good except camera and fingerprint lock. Camera lags in processing before clicking the picture and fingerprint lock has reduced the performance.
Samsung drastically changing it's quality.... Where China company were providing better quality than samsung... I have wasted my money on spending in this phone.
There is no way for reaplaceing the phone and it has battery problems then fingerprint  etc..they are not changing  the phone and making me like an fool..wot should  I do?
Nice mobile with this price, but heavy weight and also camera settings is not user friendly,  when I click notifications many of the app is not opening after the os update
Nice mobile with this price, but heavy weight and also camera settings is not user friendly,  when I click notifications many of the app is not opening after the os update
I purchased m20 recently, Handset is not working as expected, specially touch and dual SIM. Always sim 1 slot network is not coming, we need to restart several times.
Front camera ekdam ghatiya hai bahot bekar photo quality hai Not expected by samsung
Every thing is good but camera quality worse because other company  provide better camera in this range and I bought this mobile only for Samsung label except camera every thing is good and awesome
Pros: 1. Good display 2. Excellent battery life 3. Nice design 4. Type C port  Cons: 1. Worst camera
Battery is good, everything else is unsatisfactory. The phone is annoyingly slow and dosen't meet expectations. It is slower than my two year old Redmi 4x.
DO NOT BUY THIS M20 MOBILE. Samsung Galaxy Screen lock and unlock notworking. this ruppiesh mobile dont waste ur money. contact more details 9585518770
Waste of money. Fingerprint sensor never work properly. Again processor is too slow it makes quite irritate. Also hangs a lot. Total waste of money. Never buy it
Not responsive. Processor is too slow Better processor with better screen quality available in market  Body is also made of plastic which feels of very cheap quality
Dont expect this much cheapness from Samsung..Even while writing this review the screen contents are scrolling automatically up & down... Don't go for this device. Go for nokia..
Not a good one always hangs very sluggish performance.
I thought now Samsung has been worked on hanging the phone seriously but not
Camera nice and sound normal power saving full charge in offline songs  videos 22 hours Data on  online  watching videos and game 17 hours battery  life and nice product
After 2 days of usage display stop working and phone is showing like dead.
Network  quality is so low or bad
My mobile phone  Samsung Galaxy M20  is getting hanged frequently. It's under warranty.  Is it possible to replace with new one. I have bought it on April 2019.
Highly disappointed with performance. Gets hang regularly. I am quite unhappy with thin. Was associated with samsung mobile phones for last 8 Yrs now it's time to change.
Not up to the mark, best feature is random wallpapers, battery life is good. But have hung problem, camera quality is not up to the mark.
Good phone at this price range,the coloure is good it not pure black so it's good the camera is good it's perfect, the very important thing is battery it's dam Good guys.....so good luck for buying m20
when I make a video  approx 3 to 4 mint than phone take lots time for saving & mostly  hang its old problem in Samsung mobile phone .all over the average phone  not fully satisfied
After factory reset and software update, still battery charging is so much poor... 41 % to 99 % charging takes around  2 hrs...
Worst mobile by samsung...it really looks impressive with its 5000 mah battery but it doesn't have any impressive features..this ph heats up very fast..camera is also not very good.😔
Finger print is the worst,,, i have experienced, touch when the screen is wet with perspiration is poor
Battery Performance was not performing like 5000mAh So battery performance was bad
Its not up to the mark, camera quality is low, as well as its showing the 3x charge, but it is taking 2 hours to charge the full battery, call while recording is not available.
Never ever buy a Samsung product. It doesn't change. The lagging issue is unresolved. Fingerprint  reader is awful  and very slow. Face recognition  is  of no use. M20 is a flop
After using it a few months, i came to know that the earlier problem that is hanging of set, with Samsung smartphones is still with the handsets. Plz think before purchase.
Product only look wise ok Hanging to much Heating problems always use or not very bad product by Samsung I am using Samsung j8 nice model hoping it's also good but not so
Mobile not working properly. Internet is not connecting.
Dont buy this phone. Camera quality is very bad, Mobile operating in self mode Worst of Money
Product is creating problems from first day Display is out charging is faulty I Am very disappointed by the product but can't return as I am out of station
As company says that Samsung m20 has a 5000mah battery but it's not true. Battery performance is so worst, it has only one day battery backup.
Bad product.... After 4months it gets switched off automatically.... Even if the phone is charged..... Worst experience with this phone.......
Very unsatisfactory product as Samsung tagline not changed 'Samsung mat le bhai hang hota hai' After using for 1 month phone has started hanging. Please go for other brand.
This phone average performance. It's not good phone.
This Phone is totally waste of cost,because after the one UI2.0 update it covers 2.5GB RAM out of 3GB RAM. By this you can't use any app properly and it becomes 5,000 RS mobile like Micromax canvas
5o/charging me 5 ghanta laga hai full charge hone me yahi hai 3x fast charging
Not good
This phones proximity sensor is not working. When i make a call and put it on ear then it doesn't close the window. So it is not good about this phone. What should i do?
As always samsung meant for hanging. This phone is also hanging frequently useless phone.. samsung should not launch this kind of phone only. Worst experience  with this
ITS VOICE CLARIY IS WORST IN CLASS SLOW PROCESSING WORST BATTERY LIFE OVERALL THIS IS THE WORST HANDSET I HAVE EVER SEEN... SAMSUNG SHAME ON U TO LAUNCH SUCH A ....
Phone is getting heated again and again. And it is taking long time to get charged.I think I have been provided with a faulty device.
The processor is only as good as sd 825. Very slow response. Software updates should be more frequent. And most of all still on oreo.
Good quality ,camera better than any other brand and battery life is good .
Product as per price
Over weight and display  not that good
Camera quality  is poor. Battery  life is good,
signal obtaining strength is very poor. It detects cellular/WIFI signals only single point or null where china mobiles receives full signal.
Fringer print does not detected take 20 to 30 sec to detect impression  gets hang when calls come if I go for taking call fone gets hanged and call gets disconnected I have got defective piece
Charging point is loose Also phone gets very slow in operation  many times Dissapointed
Just in 5 months my Samsung M20 doesn't Support USB Pen Drive by OTG.That's a big Problem of this Phone Now I can't use my External Memory devise
When I get a call. Ring tone is very slow unable to here most of time. Also speaker gives very slow sound. Need the bill for warranty repair
Worst phone launched by Samsung... extremely dissappointed.  Not at all happy with this phone... various issues arising every other day. Don't buy this. Phone.
Don't buy samsung M20 mobile. Internet speed is very very slow. I am using jio 4 in Xiomi mobile and its working very good. In Samsung M20 , it's like 2G speed
This Smartphone has hanging issue...Need to resolve this issue in this M20 sets. Camera quality Not up to the mark. Finger sensor responding so late.
Camera quality is not good, live focus is not good. Colours effects is very very good in photos clicked by all samsung series. Sound quality is very good and battery life is good.
It's not even a month since I bought the phone and it has already started to trouble me. The phone is hanging, multiple windows open up on it's own.
Touch is horrible and if you buy the mobile you will break the phone in to pieces once you use it. So please don't buy this. One of the worst phone from SAMSUNG.
Well Samsung Galaxy m20 is affordable device convenient for not big gadgets lover it's nice actually I'm not seen any problems or legging or something so I'm happy with this phone
3.5 mm headset pin not entering fully into the jack hole and not connected to the phone. The company claims it has 3.5 mm jack, but not fitting it properly
Not good as Zenfone Max Pro M2 Outdoor shots are pretty good but weak in indoor condition.
Hi .. Battery draining very fast. On overnight 20% of battery draining without using... It is not value for 5000 mAh comparing to lenovo vibe p1 turbo...
Great phone in a budget with superb battery life. Almost premium feel with that build but slower on the speed of the phone. Still better at this price
mobile is full of add whenever you keep data on automatic so many add came on lock screen and on other application  so i want to know how to stop this add coming in m20
Bought it because of it's decent battery life. Kind of unsatisfied with the product.  Have been using it for 15 days now and it has already started hanging. Very often.
Mobile is good but finger print sensors are not so good and camera quality is well not up to the demand. Processor is not so good . This mobile is not meant for gaming.
This is slow phone as compaire with oppo and other mi phone and also slow internet  in this phone  Thanks gautam kumar 9911396673  Please check
No Comment
Issue is with performance, it gets struck.
Overall rating 3.5 According to the specs and configurations the price should be 10-11k, No gorilla glass. No metal/glass body
Facing network problen  and hearing speaker quantity is worst
fingerprint scanner not works properly,poor front camera quality,heating problem,not satisfied with this product and samsung mobile.
Its samsung waste product. Not a quality product. Its c brand quality.. Fast charging problems. Hang, poor display quality. Battery service good....
Feature like chinees phone
Everything is ok except camera...front camera is disgusting...like 2 megapixel.. I have never expected this from samusung..
After one month ghost touch in on screen. Which requires regular visits to service center...bought on durability of Samsung but it was wasteful.
Overall mobile was excellent only its fingerprint sensor is week , notifications light is not their .
Very Disappointed....fingerprint does not work always. Phone at times hangs when recieving calls....also phone features are very less compared to other brands
The worst phone i ever had in my life. Its software has got many complaints, always hangs. Even the service centre personal refused to help. Plz dont buy it .
Worst product from Samsung Mobile hanging problem Charging very slow ,using original fast charger Sound below average  Display clarity ok Battery lasts one day
It's a nice phone in terms of value.
Not on expectations as Samsung brand deserve. Slow network speed 2-3 network bars but in my friend phone it's full
After one month it was hanging and touching pad is automatically taken many selections. Hardware is good but software problems was occurring
the phone is hanging from the first even after all my data is in external card dont know why it gets hang
The screen of the phone is not working properly
The phone did not turn on at all. Waiting for a replacement confirmation from Amazon. If they do not replace the phone, this is going to be my last purchase on Amazon.
Wrost mobile I never seen..Mobile was hanging for browsing even. I cant use even for 5 min..Niw I am trying to sell it. SAMUNG BRAND YIU CANT RELEASE MOBILES LIKE THIS
Did the greatest mistake of my life buying this pathetic phone. I have lost all my trust in samsung because of this phone. Goodbye samsung
Camera Above Average, Display Good In The Range, Battery Beast With Type C And Fast Charge, Lookwise Average. Ram Management Average, UI Is A Bit Laggy Need Improvement. Overall Good Package At 11k But Without Camera
Phone looking good but the features in this mobile not good and the camera not good. Very poor quality product in this amount.
Built Quality Is Not Good
Average
Not good phone. Touch screen is very bad. Hangs frequently. Battery backup is very bad.
Its been just 10 days I bought this phone and its not starting up now,completely disgusting,I want to claim warranty for it,how to do it??DO NOT CONSIDER of buying it at all!!
Its tuch not  good i changed within one month.. Also  network is not good... ..charger is also not good i changed after three months.... Overall plz dont buy
Worst phone ever it claims 3gb ram but it feels 512 mb ram while using it has full screen touch which Is horrible in usage the screen starts dancing sometime
Not worth the money. Camera quality pathetic. Functions too poor. Plz dont buy these series.
phone is very bad , low quality and low performance , amazon per sale matlab kharab hai phone
Not a good phone. Processors lags some time.
An average device. Can't love.  Now it got screen bleeding , a problematic mobile ..going to replace as no other option is available.
Worst mobile ever .never buy.it gets heated in no time
Over heating while charging. Performance not good as expected...
i have an issue with this product. mobile was not getting charged. i want to use my one year warrenty to exchange this product. please look over it as fast as you can
Battery takes 10 hours to charged 100 percent. Camera is not working. It does not open to work.this is the worst phone I ever brought. I don't want to keep this more.
The screen quality of m20 is quite bad.I had put back cover and tempered glass and it had fallen from bed for the first time and the screen got cracked and flickered.
Mobile reception & transmission  not good. Same SIM works better in other mobile. While receiving call sound not clear. It needed to switch on speaker. Camera ok
Iam un happy regarding hear phone , I did not get, if I purchase out side out let  , I could get the same, I really expected original Samsung hear phone, rest is okay
In my point  of view ,the expectation is very low because the camera plus the touch screen quality is poor and sometimes  it self blocked .pls I want to exchange  the phone
Camera Quality not good. Finger Print sensor works too slow. Performance not good at all. Very disappointed with the product. Instead of buying M20 I prefer MI or Moto brands
No dark screen,no picture quality, camera very bad
It was good but after using for 6months the screen is not working properly and needs regular software update
Phone good but camera Quilty third class
Most stupid product. The phone lags too much. Please don't  buy it. I have used it for five days. They wouldn't  allow for return.
It’s not audible and speaker is not good. Voice is not audible while on a call even after increasing volume. Not so good
Phone touch is not working properly , mobile is hanging, application are opening by itself, messages and calls are happening by itself. Dont buy any Samsung M series mobile.
Worst battery Worst camera Worst display Never expect this in Samsung
Touch screen not working properly Auto brightnes is a very big issue Camera quality is not as specified
Facing problem of Heating , hanging issue  and Touch is not smooth.
Overall a good product. The fingerprint sensor is slow, camera is good in day, not so much in night. Battery life is ok, but not a 5000mAh battery phone should be.
this phone is nice one but charging is slow, overall this phone good. fingerprint reader 4/5 camera quality  3.5/5 battery life  4/5
The right size and easy to carry. Fast charging and battery lasts a day or two which is good. But the phone gets stuck very often which is annoying
Just ok mobile, very slow response in all apps. Only for senior citizens useful and strictly not for gamers and extensive use of apps users.
Don't buy this phone.... Waste money.... I want to return my phone but no option..
Not that worth Fingerprint :not as speed Face sensing :not always Dolby digital surround: only if their is headphones but those phone not given
Worst quality product I receive from Amazon. Phone stopped working after 15 days.
When i using the phone suddenly hang and turn off try to power on the mobile but it's was on
Post buying the phone, In a week time the speaker seems to get muted all the sudden and it constantly failing... I couldnt believe Samsung is releasing such poor product....
Low quality with high  price .......pls don't buy worthless
It is heating
Please let me know how to get the speaker volume working fine. It's too low either during calls or during listening music and watching videos without earphones.
There is no double tap screen awake,no notification sensor,need to restrict face detection and charging time is common for every model with or without type c charger
Ordered it with one day delivery but delivered me on 4th day. And the charging adapter is not charging the phone. Found it faulty ..So much disappointed from Amazon.
This is the worst phone i ever got, very slow runing nd major problem  of hanging nd slow runing even after update plz don't buy n don't wast ur money in this phone.
Fingerprint sensor is not working properly. Samsung should look into this matter,becoz maximum complain is regarding fingerprint sensor. Battery backup is very good.
Hang bahut hota hai..kabhi kabhi to call bhi pick nhi hoti hai.waste of money..mt lena ye mobile. Bs battery quality thik hai. Automatic recording  bhi nhi hoti hai.
Camera & battery ok when Data usage mobile get heated up more overall not worth for the money we pay
Worst camera quality and hangs alot with very slow response.  Advise not to buy this phone and better to buy other under 10k mobile phone
Must not buy . The battery charging time increases with time . Also being installed woth exynos processor it has a slow response . The panaroma mode doesn't work properly .
Mobile is good but fingerprint scanner take 3 to 5 seconds some time face lock is not good Battery life is best
very bed phone
Battery life good. Camera not good enough
Night photography is not good. Battery 5/5 Display 5/5 Camera3/5 Sensors 2/5 Design good Overall3/5
Sometimes fingerprint is not reading.. Mobile is getting hang with short span Can't play PUBG. But battery is ok. Processor is not efficiently integrated.
Mobile working very slow Mobile hanging issue. proximate sensor not working.
Network is very  very  very poor, I am having other sets of redmi, oppo, compared with them it is not atall worthy.. am trying to replace this with any other brand..
this is the worst phone i had ever used, touchscreen doesnt work at all,this phone is not worth buying in this range,i would not buy it for even 1000rs😒😒
When we use camera in normal mode it works great, but when I use snapchat camera quality get poor. Phone got heated up while playing game Not so good for PUBG game
Charging very worst. The charge reducing automatically without usage. Front camera quality very poor. My suggestion don't go with this one. Fingerprint sensor not upto the mark
Camara quality not good, but otherwise ok.
Processor is old exynos 7885...where it's mentioned on ad,and on box 7904.. Alsi battery quality is very poor,5000mAh battery requirung 2 -3 charging...
As people have mentioned, Camera is bad. Battery will start giving issues in a few months. Phone hangs a lot. RAM management is really bad.
Display damanged without any drop or hard use. Touch never felt good on this device. It might be budget samsung but buyers be aware.
Very bad product...Don't buy this...Screen was damaged certainly without any physical damage and samsung denied to cover under warranty..
I am not happy with its performance, its volume is very low, weight also feels heavy, overall performance not up to the mark, disappointed, wanted to get rid of it.
i buy mobile on one week before he stated heating problem and touch problem happening i try to call amazon help center still is bad still in my problem din in solve
Bite little Heating Camera is fine but no much i think Fingerprint reader is too good sometimes or sometimes it just sucks Battery life is quite good
Report for mobile change earlier but request was not accepted and again i am facing voice problem while getting call from someone, please resolve issue on priority.
Received a phone with defective battery , After a month of usage , the battery has deteriorated . The charge doesnt go beyond 58% and falls to 35 % within minutes .
Phone's screen is not working. I am facing a frequent issue of screen blackout in my phone. It has only been 25 days days since I bought my phone. Kindly Help.
Very bad product and worst experience trying to return/replace this product. They don't let u replace or return if u ain't happy with this. Very bad camera quality.
Prons: great battery life, Samsung one UI Cons: many times I came across software update, webpage getting hang, stuck Notification click doesn't open apps
Phone is good but i received open sell pack phone
No availability of Network/Internet coverage in this handset. It's a total kabad phone.
Ok type phone.
Very worst product phone is hanging and front camera don’t have potrait mode plz dnt buy it
Late charging
Very bad battery life and some times touch is also not working
Mobile build quality is not good, have network issue, not worth for money we paid, camera okok, display is good,
Product is amazing... But charger with the product is of bad quality....when we kept our mobile for charging.... The charger burned... And now it is not working....
Within nine months main board replaced under warranty. Very poor service by Sirsi authorised service center. Took more than one month to replace.
Very good models are available in this price range. It's not worth buying as phone hangs. Battery life very poor. Fast charging works ultra slow.
It's 4 GB RAM is less than the Mi 3 GB RAM phone. Its camera has take more time for clik the photo. I think this phone has not 5000 Mhz. Battery.
Not I expecting but ok ok
The worst mobile I have seen and spekar and mic issues I have replaced 2 times not good .
Bad.. product after using 3.5 months . It is hanging , touch is not working and camera is too bad....Charging is not going....To 100 after 2 hours also...
Just started and it's over heating and Amazon is showing policies instead of replacement. It's not worth.
Worst mobile used. Don't buy it as it lags badly. Mi phones are far better. Waste of money
It will hang like anything and tooooo slow..... most of the times camera will not work and again I need to restart my phone to work.... Don't buy this mobile.
Today I got the mobile but one of the small seal is broken..I don't understand what to do.plz suggest me whether to return or to use it.although handset looks new.
Thr fingerprint and face scanners work like tortoise and the phone wont work as they showing -they are not accepting refunding  aslo BETTER NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE
Box is damaged,. Mobile in the box came with huge dust on it. Photos uploaded for reference.
Very Bad phone, hangs most of the time. Face recognition is slow. I bought samsung phone after a gap of 6 years but still the problem of hanging remains same.
Overall good product in this price segment....I brought at an effective price 9k. Camera is ok and battery not so good as expected from 5000mAh battery
Battery capacity  horrible worst quality and also charging power....And charger also local...
network isuee so that internet not working, sound problem get getting proper voice
my last three mobiles are only from samsung and this will be the last one.. worst mobile ever for money..i have purchased.. hanging a lot even during normal use. only looks is very good.
Dont l ike this phone..defect product dilivered by amazon...dont purchased electronic product on amazone.....
Sim Card Trolly Slots are small as usual and Phone is lagging since it shipped to me. After two months use I got linings on display and display become blur...!!
No star... Wrost product..Deliver faulty product.. amazon has not replaced it....Very bad..Feeling cheated
I gifted this phone to my mom, Phone hangs a lot...  It's not been 3months and she uses only to make and receive calls still it hangs...  🤦🏻‍♀
M20 Camara quality is not so good back camera is not good but front camera is average  Valume is low and fingerprint is average That's all
Defective product from Samsung may of the customer have the same touch issue, more over the headphone jack doesn't work well..... Totally depressed with this purchase....
plz dont baught this pdct. hanging problem. lagaging. slow touch work automatically
Unable to mirror screen using Samsung Galaxy M20 with fire TV 4K. There is an issue in mobile after attempt you will not be able to on or off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Its quite heavy to hold, but has good battery charge speed & backup. Rest is all average. If opting for 4GB 64GB of M20 than i would rather suggest to go for M30.
This phone is only for those people who want long battery lofe and there is nothing more than that Think before buying this mobiel
Worst phone ever please don't buy after 1 year I am rating this worst it hangs too much Samsung is making its phone slow through update
Performance is not upto the mark very slow and poor  performance sometimes it hangs and lags the touch
Mobile is not up to the mark.. finger and face recognition is very slow. I will suggest better to go with other mobiles.
Don't buy.
as compare to other samsung phone this is better. its battery is very good but the camera quality is average. display is good . overall it is best value for money
Phone is good but processer and features are not so good .. if Samsung introduce some new features like other device than it is a smart option to buy Samsung instead of redmi
Very poor camra quality,  full bettery charge in 3&3.5 hour Finger sensors is little bit slow,  bettey early off,
Some times finger print reader not working. Front camera quality bad.
Not worth the money. Crappy software and crappier RAM Management. Hangs like hell. The service centre guys too are of no help.
Look and display is good but camera is pretty bad. Also performance is slow. Specifications are just number game here so don't trust it.
it's a worst phone because suddenly switched off and still not on so many time I tried and even charging is not showing. just switched off automatically.
Please dont buy as i got the phone with cracked back plastic
One of my biggest mistake that i choose samsung again
I purchased this phone on 23 feb after 1 month the phone start hanging...operate automatically..I replaced my screen in one month..battery backup is good..camera quality is average
Very good
Only battery back up and charging is good,8/10 times failed to open the phone with fingerprint.camera quality is average
Battery issue it doesn't like 5000m not value for money It like 2000 m battery
Nice its perfomormce also good but this phone is heating during use....... Camera improvement is good..
Response was very slow
I am facing issue with the phone. There is issue with the voice of the phone. I tried replacing the phone but replacement window was closed. Please help
After using 2 weeks mobile is getting hang frequently and while using mobile screen gets off and awakes after 5mins.  i am not happy with this mobile dont buy this
Hello Team, The phone has started to hang and even sometime touch stops for few seconds Since my return window is closed help me here
Don't buy this mobile Mobile Purchase in 2 months Start this problem And Service center Not response this problem
Phone is gud for this price range . However, camera is very poor and due to high battery, phone is bit bulky !
I received the product today but the sad point is there is no screen card no mobile case. Atleast you guys should add some basic requirements with the box .
1. According to given pixels camera is not clicking good quality pictures. 2. Processor is slow, sometimes phone gets hang and we cannot play quality games.
Some time get hang While talking other apps automatically opens Earlier battery charging was fast but now taking longer time for charging up to 2 hours
Its just passed over 1 month now n the return policy is over and the phone has just been getting hung n all the possible problems. Do something about this Amazon
Bought this phone in March just after the launch and in July I faced a problem with the screen there are some lines on the display which is increased by the time
Its almost a month i bought this m 20. Firstly there was a software issue. Now there is speaker issue. Its almost 2 days and still the phone is in service center
Waste of purchase within  6 months  got damaged from inside  after  using very very carefully also don't  purchase  samsung at all this will always  dissapointed
Worst experience with amazon. This device stopped working exactly after 10 days of return. I would take this thing to consumer forum for sure after the lockdown.
Beautiful looks... bt front camera is not so good its like old mobile's digital camara bt back is good... n touch screen is not so impressive..
In today's market you get a lot better products than this one at the same price point. Tends to slow down with time. ( Hardly 4months)
Not up to the mark hanging issue and slow ptocesser compareing with other brand same specifications...
Front camera is not good,fingerprint and face unlock in not working,below average product...3rd class mobile...Hanging 2 much....
Mobile ok poor camera and battery
Nice
less clarity of the front camera,no samsung secure folder and samsung music app support.
I bought it.... in 10 day suddenly switched off and become dead
Battery is not powerful as i expected and charging takes more time. But convenient in budget. Fingerprint reader is slow but camera quality is better.
Camera pic quality is average else ph is good, Samsung sud give nice picture quality to compete with other Chinese companies.
Ok
No signals, worst phone i have ever seen. I thought samsung has developed but they are still bad Plus Amazon will not replace.  THUMBS DOWN TO AMAZON
Good phone from Samsung. But it's get warm while calling (specially on video call). And call auto disconnected... Except that phone is awesome
Some trouble with fingerprint.. Some trouble with face unlock and touch as well... I will prescribe for other brand like Mi..
I ordered one more mobile, Samsung Galaxy M30 s. The camera quality of this mobile is very poor and you are not taking it return. 😡😠
I purchased two sumsung smart phone M 20 on 6 jun 2019 but out of above one phone not working properly. Request address to who return for replacement or repair.
There is mic problem found in my new set. I was very disappointed with mic quality.Phone  Receiver at other side can't hear voice clearly because of mic problem
Its my biggest mistake to show trust in samsung very slow working , it's hang all the time while using . No hotspot data limit setting available and more on....
it is poor performance in opening new windows and net work problem ist is not support  for net work
Sounds bad
Worst phone of the year.. slow like hell.. Have to restart the phone everytime..
Camera ok but night mode empty and mobile not for games battery ok not for good
Worst product fast charging is not working 7-8 hours  taking for full charging
Heating issues when on call for over 10 minutes.. But Good specifications at this price..
I can't able to play full hd 1080 videos  or 4k videos in any apps
I can't understand  whether i am using new mobile or the used one,this mobile always gets strucked and touch is also not good. Unhappy with the product
This mobile is normal.like others no special and specific services but only thing is best charging capability....
The phone gets heated too much whenever the phone is kept idle with the modile data turned on.
Pros - Good rear camera, good feel of the touch screen, lots of good features in this price range.  Cons - Front camera not upto the mark, Hate the Finger sensor.
Touch sensor is slow Apps take time to open Overall a budget phone but lacking in speed as compared to other smartphones available in this price range
5000 battery but life only 10 hours. Camera quality very low Fingerprint not work properly My lifes first mistake. Hanging problem
Please do not buy this model, network is very low in this phone.i have compared with multiple brand phone. Only Samsung M20 have this problem
Phone gets hanged
After use of 5 month phone is ok but it is not a Ruf  tuf phone handle with care Body quality ekdum bakwas don't buy this phone
Bad phone
Pathetic phone samsung = hang. Bigest mistake of life buying a Samsung mobile. Chines phones are providing much more greater performance then samsung
I have been regularly getting error message on my M20 as Not registered on Network. I have changed sim slots, done network settings etc, but still didn't work.
Within four months, the phone stopped working.  Pathetic product.  Amazon team, pls ask the seller to take the product and return the money
It's start hanging for few minutes I had buy these phones about 3 months ago And then also its start hanging But camera and battery life is best
Pls don't buy this phone its a dam waste product of samsung phone gets heated up quickly this is what happened to my one month old mobile after 30min of charge
Touch is not working good and call sensor is not working and i am not able to replace it. Please some one help to return this phone its display has been broken
Value for money phone but not sturdy. If you drop phones every now and then, either buy this phone with insurance or look else where
Don't buy. Highly priced. Battery is good. Processor little bit slow. Normal camera. System hangs many times. Go for another device within same price range.
This phone is with hanging problems I complaint for this but not clear They told for reboot or after this phone better for 4-5 day or again hanging problem start
Good nice ..tough and easy to use
Really pathetic product ..getting hang .. touch screen issues and apps are getting open automatically..even the service centers are providing pathetic service
Dont buy guys. Worse phone and service from amazon. Dont buy. Camera like 1mp ..hang sometimes n sound v v poor. Video play HD but look like low quality
This phone quality is not good as per showing on amazone advertisement. 2nd time experience with Amazone is very poor. Now amazone purchasing closed.
Wastage of money
Camera is ok. Battery life is good. Very disappointed as phone came without earphones . Disappointing amazon
Battery is super. But not fast charging.  Camera colour mixing not good bcz TFT display. Finger print is very slow.
This is the hanging phone. Please don't buy this product. Camera is too bad. Rang capacity is low. Heating up, and aromatically shutdown. And too many problems
Worst phone ever i used touch is not working properly, worst performance of toch, to pick a call o used wipe 3 to 4 still some times not get it done.
it's not working properly. with in 7 days it start to hanging sometimes some applications open automatically overall it's performance is very poor not worth for money
1. Hitting problems.. 2. Hanging problems 3. Low camera quality 4. Low quality display 5. Only battery backup is good...
My phone is just 1 month old and getting hang again n again worst phone.. not expected from samsung..and battery is very bad of this phone
Battery backup is good but heating problem is enough to burn the phone. Camera is not also satisfactory as I expected. Other companies offer better than this.
When I buy this mobile phone i feel very bad 😔 My phone no work properly in calling or system setting phone book when I open it phone is not responding.
This phone(samsung) does not detect full network signals. As same SIM card works fine in another phones perfectly. This phone model has netwrok problems.
Item not able to get return due to smart check app not recognize the existing fault
Don't purchase this product.. While charging error occurs.. moisture detected even if ur hanset if away from moisture and dry situation its been a headache for me...
Screen not working after 3 months ... firstly blurred and then switch off and not open ... worst experience ever .. dont buy it
It worked 10 days fine after that 11th day on wards screen is not working .
Brought on 7th feb 19 Not booting at all. I have to go to service center and guess have to format it.  Too bad.
Normal quality  , not any have specific  feature s of this mobile
No 4G compatibility. Pls dont buy this phone as it has zero functions. Features are as good as 4 year old samsung phones.
Screen quality good.  good camera 5000mah battery not  good as much expected App lock not available Guest user/second space/child mode  not available
1.Clarity was low 2.tough is not working properly 3.package was delivered late 4.phone was lagging 5.handling of this phone was uncomfortable
Mobile is very slow in process sometimes hang. Mi Or Oppo is good in this price and promising products.  Mi is no. 1 in all features.
Ui add. We're not necessary. Should remove that or else in future no 1 will buy
Battery bakwas Camera to sabse jaada bakwaas Samsung ka naam kharab kar diya isne(i was only an samsung user but after this phone iam totally disappointed )
The worst thing is camera. Selfi camera is poor. And main camera is average one.  Software issue. Phone get hanged.
For 10k other brands able to give nice product but brand guys not able to give worthy set for 13 k
Heating issue,  battery backup is not good as 5000 mah, it seems like 2000 mah power.
Very worst phone I am sorry to say I never expect this type of mobile in samsung
Bad bad bad product ever... Don't buy please.....
Phone is great but it is lagging for 4 to 5 sec unecessery from starting day. IDK is it only happening in my case.
The phone worked well only for 2 days .and then it started to hang and the touch stops working .not a good phone .
Battery backup is good but phone is very slow processing. First time I bought Samsung mobile,I disappointed it's performance. Camera quality is also low not recommended.
One of worst product from Samsung. Screen is too bad, Automatically it is opening some apps. I am assuming screen very pathetic. Pls don't buy this.
Please help I received this new m20 mobile today(05/01/2020) apps not Installing showing that but not installing or updating. I'm very disappointed.
I totally disappointed Because The display is gone in 6 months I don't covered 1 year warranty also.  I paid 4000 Rs in Samsung care.
Disliked - Very very slow processing, like opening an app, unlock the screen, extremely slow for opening the camera etc...
Screen glass has broken so would like to change the glass so please furnish copy of duplicate bill . Please confirm whether charges will be applicable or not
This device is very bad in functional. Device does not support play store never buy this device waste of money and service station executive does not support
Low internet speed No good looks No value for money Hanging Touches automatically on screen itself Good battery Processor 50-50
This was my first Samsung Mobile. I got problems from the second day itself. The mobile set is now with Samsung Service Center. I don't know what will happen
This phone is so so, nothing special about it, we have expect much more from company like samsung, touch is pathetic, mi phones are much more better than m20
It's useless phone .. Its statted hanging within 30 days ... I feel cheated  its camera quality is also not upto the mark ... and hang ho raha h ..
Screen got changed in just 1 month usage
Samsung is cheating customers it is not a 5000ah battery over all phone is not worth of Rs11000.00 it is equal to 7000 rs redmi phone
Im using this last 3 months . Charger doesnot working. Local  Samsung service center also given service is very very worst service
You  need increase the quality of pictures and sound  quality  also less and better battery  standard and adds indent  is in mobile  phone so built an app for add block
Likes would include its battery life, design,cost effectiveness,and dislikes would include its display ,fingerprint sensor ,charging problems showing moisture in the phone
Many features are unavailable. No led notification. No slow motion in video recording. Front camera poor. No EIS IN VIDEO
Not up to the mark..  Phones with better quality available in other brands in same price...  Not a SAMSUNG thing...
Phone has some difficulty in charging, charger not upto the quality defective mobile recieved which has too many charging issues . Also there are issues with network connectivity,
Lightly like
Its too heavy to hold in ur hand....otherwise nice phone in this budget...
Only Battery is the key factor of this phone.
Touch not working properly
Mobile hanging, finger print isn't working, battery life is not at all good though it's 5000mah, network not managing
It performed well till one week  but showing hell for me may be due to ram problem I don't know  please go for redmi not 7 please don't buy this now I m returning this
Camera not as expected.... Well rst Ok...
The biggest positive is the battery life. Camera quality is above average and screen size is not so big. Issues- it hang sometimes. Rest a good purchase under 11000 ruppees and ofcourse a brand name
It takes 7 hours to charge 100%. Really a serious problem with this phone..problem occurs within a week. If any solution plz let me know.
Camera poor quality. No internet speed in 3g. My Remy y2 is better. My mistake I replace that phone. Battery 5000mah but speedily draining..
Good for short use .....if u want for long use dont bye it because after 00:45 - 01:00 hrs it slow down .pugb graphic supports only for 10 mints after that  😁😁😁
It is very bad charging time saying fast charging but it is taking too late to full battery.. It is 5000mah batter but Quickly decreasing charging...
Battery is good Sensor is not detecting properly Main problems is signal detection unable to detect the signals
Not good
Most of the time camera is not opening and quality of the image is not realistic. Didn’t expect this from Samsung. Redmi was much better..
If you r found of photography, avoid M20.. Yup battery lasts upto 48 hours for moderate user..
Camara quantity is very bad. Not worth for camara phone. Only display is looks good though it's TFT display. Rest as name of Samsung it will sale.
dont by m series by A 30 ya A50 that is nice phone this m20 camera is so bad pubg is not supporting in this phone more hanging this phone when playing pubg.
The phone is good but front camera is not a clear and battery life is not more than 12 hrs , and network related issue is occurring after purchesing 20 days
Front camera could be better because it always click blurr selfie.  It gets hot after using it continuesly for few hours. Touch could have been better.
Very bad phone , first month it works great but from second month my phone doesn't recognize my face ... Fingerprint doesn't work well specially when needed
Apps are automatically hiding unable to found them ,,so we need to go to playstore and open it again,,,,no notification light also,no battery charging light
The phone has a awesome camera quality and the first excellent phone made by samsung in low price  it can be better choice for one who want low budget phone
I really love the battery backup and fingerprint reader really  fast i like that thing it's  amazing...but need to improve camera through  software  update.
i bought , but is quickly charging down, some time finger print not working, sometimes phone struck and repacement not given even i put for replace
i only like the battery backup....and notch screen
I had Never bought it.
Mic is not working during video call, loudspeaker call, WhatsApp video and voice call. After updates  it have some more problems
Phone was ok but there's a little scratch on it....  Very dusty n worst condition of box received ....Dissapointed with packaging
It does not have scanner. I had inserted my sim card with all my nos. Nos. Uploaded and suddenly all except  11 nos were deleted.
Their are more good options available in this price range. Front camera quality is unexpectedly poor. Indoor camera pics are worst. The best feature is the notch screen only.
I am writing this review after using this mobile,Build quality is very Bad, fingersensor is worst.. lacking so much. Totally very chip quality by samsung..
Finger print reader works excellent. Camera quality is good Wide angle camera works well. After months performance become law. It will take time to load.
Not upto mark product
nice looking..and low price
This is a damaged product. Technician came and told that this phone is network related problem, which can not be resolved. Please either replace/ return my amount.
Downloading mobile data speed is very less. Right now vibration mode is not working in my mobile.
The phone is great but for a person like me whose phone keeps lying all over the place,not having a notification LED is terrible
The phone is ok! But whenever I want to make a call I can’t hear the sound of the other person whom I’m calling. Bad phone. Hate Samsung for this.
Wrost front camera. Battery is excellent Hangs too much. bootware install automatically
Screen is the worst....They are telling that is has a gorrila glass.....It is totally waste..  My screen broken when it drop from a height 5 feet
Internet speed is very slow on this mobile respective on other mobile. Battery is superb overall mobile is good. It can be good if network issue is solved.
Accidental two drops of water spoiled the whole device in just 3 weeks... Such a water irresistant product from Samsung...Better be careful in handling it.
Worst camera ever, good disply, and phone is handy, but totally disappointing camera both
Picture  quality  not better  and phone automatically work touch responses
It's the worst phone for the one who play games. It's not made to play games, all you can do with this phone is watching movies and listening music.
It's an average phone not that good for gaming and it's quiet good for normal use Overal good product
No first charges  .hiting problem. Camera qualities are not requirements as per demand  Samsung company.
Okay okay
if you already used S amoled display then this m20 not for you you will feel low colour depth bettey good but front camera not as good j7 2015 even..
Ghatiya
Bought for my brother. working just fine, does not support too much heavy gaming like PUBG, Bit of heating issue, Camera is just descent.
Pros- touch and battery is really good. Cons- both front and rear camera are not up to the mark and also fingerprint sucks.
Every time when data is on many types of adds are showing on screen it is very problematic and another is data speed can not see
Battery backup is very slow I hate that
Poor quality and lot of hardware defects..suggesting u to dont buy
Worst phone plz don't buy m20 phone After using 5day problem start to came
Bed mobile.camera quality is very low .processing is also very slow. Hanging  problem also faced.... Over all waste of money.
Not so good for gaming lag to much while playing pubg plz don't buy this phone it's a request I am very upset with this phone it is full waste of money. Plz don't buy this phone.
It works for 11 days n den.. no servixe issue in phone.. now stuck with phone as samsung refuse to get it fixed n it is out of replacement warranty from amazon too..
Not recommend for this price there are better option available. Phone has the worst camera even Micromax can give better image quality than M20
Good mobile phone but camera of this phone is oky oky background  blur is not blur properly and eif is also not available in this phone
Replace this item because my phone is dead.I am using in night when I get up that that phone is not open that it did there is battery but they cannot open.
Worst phone. Hangs a lot. Please don't buy. Total waste of money... Pathetic and disappointing..
Camera quality is not good. Purchased it just today. Will post full review in few weeks of usage
Within 1week my mobile display has gone..Very poor quality product from Samsung
Worst support by samsung and Amazon. On first day it took 10 hours to charge the phone. Defective piece sent and even amazon is not replacing it.
Display is very normal and during call voice is not clear Battery  life at least 10 hrs also not coming. And while opening  any app it is taking time
Not bad,but there is some lag in fingerprint scanning. Also some lag while typing....... It is a big issue am facing  in this phone ....
Worst phone in terms of performance,  just two things , one is battery backup other is display that is okay , otherwise a poor performing phone at 4GB RAM
Basic phone there is no new options compare to other brands. And heavy weight .......better to go another.. as of my suggestion..hanging
Finger print sensor very worst Mi camara arevery far better than this Even 4000mah mi batteries are better comparing to this Waste of money
Phone hangs alot and gets stuck and creates a lot of issues to restart the phone happened almost twice or thrice since day of purchase ...not happy at all
Worst experience, I'm not able to open any app. It is hanging.. pls refund it. O want to buy new phone which is not this model. Pls help
Don't purchase, average phone , not good camera, operating system give feel like old phone, go for oppo vivo or mi far better than this.
I thing samsung ka abhi tak ka sabse worst product I hated😡
Only display and battery are good. Both the camera are very poor. Never expected from Samsung with this kind of camera. Especially front facing camera sucks.
I have bought this phone and it have been  just a month and my M20 Samsung  is hanging. What is the process  of replacement? It's in warranty period.
Display is very good and camera is fine.But device is heating like anything while speaking and charging. Cant speak even 5 mins while speaking.Not worth for money.
There's a serious issue with Battery and charging option...
Battery life is not up to the mark. Moved from Huawei to Samsung...feel I made a bad choice.this interface s not user friendly.
Cons: Camera quality not good, finger print sensor not good.., sometimes lags, not for gaming, Pros: Display is good, battery life.
GPS or network issue I'm not happy after buy this mobile.battery life also not good. After 15% too early discharge
Good phone
Outdoor screen visibility is poor & battery also poor
It's waste of money and defective assembly line product.... Bettery life is not good as well and microphone and speaker doesn't work properly. Overall total rubbish.
Phone is switching off by itself sometimes which is very irritating
Samsung effect...... bought this, phn in march.. in hanging started
No
Bad artificial camera quality, Images misses details, Bad for you Samsung, Not what u expect from Samsung Technology.
Phone is good enough but the processor isnt upto mark
All is average, specially front camera , and fingerprint is just average.
Overall, the product is OK, but not the best. The screen got scratches, Battery is good, but not what it was projected. Still good deal within this budget.
The performance of the phone is very bad.The processor of the phone is not powerful but it has a good battery life and an average camera quality
This product is not good Touch is not working properly Display problems Display about blurred Display  flickering
Very high heated in 1 hour video.
Worst seller product was defective screen was detached but unfortunately being a gorilla glass screen broke even after falling from the bed worst product
The screen is really filmsy, got accidentally damaged on the 3rd day, will cost me 4000+ to get it fixed. Dont forget to get insurance and tempered glass
On 19-07-2019 charger's adapter was not working  I don't have warranty card how to replace and replaced with new one it's chaging  but showing some error
Camera quality is not even not bad.. Front and back both are camera quality are much bad as not expected Otherwise battery backup is much good.
The screen got damaged without falling in the water or from crashing. Had to pay for the full screen card. Performance wise it is value for money though.
My order price 10363.72, I have make payment via no cost EMI and it was shown 1798.50 for 6 month, but It cost me every month 2033 rs, totally fraud
incoming sound quality is bad, battery run only one day and thumb impression sensor not up to the mark. I am disappointed with the product
I HAD RECEIVED DAMAGED PRODUCT AND AMAZON IS NOT REPLACING SAYING IT WILL TAKE TIME WE HAD PAID FOR PRODUCT AND WHY WE WAIT FOR 15 DAYS WORST AMAZON WORK
I don't know about the mobile, because I can't remove the sim slot. So I can't use it. Just returned it.
It has been a month using this phone.. it hangs too much..  Camera is Good.. it also have a good battery life.. If battery is full..it works for whole 24 hours
Phone is hanging frequently. Getting heat while using. Not good phone. If possible provide replacement/ return
Good phone good image good display but face id failed
All-ways show low network, calling issue, slow data connection
at this price rhis is good, camera performed well at outdoor photography, i will give 5 out of 5 to bettery backup, other function  are simler to other handset,
Very Slow processing and hanging problem. I didnot expect from Samsung
Ordered in charcoal Black but received ocean blue, and it slow.
Last eight days Mobile is not working It is not charging, it handset problem I have send the request for replacement. Pl know the status ?
Initially the phone works fine but after few weeks it starts lagging and hangs very frequently
Worst experience..
Looks Very Cool... Battery life as aspected not Good... Charging is not that much fast what expected from charger.. Other than phone is very Good...
.Secure folder is not working in this model....
i m really worried about fast charging . from first week.i m not happy with fast charging
 While in network weak coverage area. Automatically disconnect network issue  need to check with Samsung service center.
Very very bad products no parchage anybady
Very very very bad and useless mobile. I request you to take it back. Call me or send a message how I can return it
Could have been more better
Hi, Review is after 4 months of purchase,  this phone is working very slowly from day 1 o e
Don't go for it ... Take pure Android phone if possible ... Samsung making us fool
Always network issues, same sim cards showing full network in other phone, but it shows half. Mostly unable to call or pick a call
Not bad
Best mobile in this price.. brought it for my mom.. battery, display are best in  this mobile but camera is not up to the mark
There is no censor in mob so while talking light on and so many apps open while touching with check some time call disconnect some time hanging
Very bad
new phone sim slot not opening.  on calling amazon service, have been told to take to service centre for a new unused phone
If you don't need high speed internet through mobile data, go for this phone. Exynos processor is to be rejected by samsung.
Worst phone ever used from never expected from this brand. Surprising that Samsung coming with these sort of phones bringing their reputation down.
Overall performance of mobile is not reachable my needs , mobile get struck, application started without opening of app. No need to prefer someone else.
Received an box open piece and phone is getting heat while using and during charging. Used product received from the seller and I am going to return it.
Do not buy this product.  Doesn't have gorilla glass and the screen shattered on day 4. Needless to say that amazon refused return. Pathetic experience.
Looking good overall function good but touch not good sometime hanging this phone fingerprint reader not so fast camera quality is good I love it battery life good
I like this phones multifuctions.it has good finger print reader,average dual Camera with ifinite display,and avery good battery life.
Tamilnadu I bought this product it's within 11 days after it's not working no replacement and no refunds waste of money don't buy this my request
Very poor quality product from Samsung. The  device has a serval problems with its touch, network,etc. I do not recommend u to buy it.
- Sluggish Camera - Fast Charging is a lie - Slightly Heavy - Face recognition is letting people with similar face cut unlock the phone
Can't say it's excellent... But can say good in this price range..
Call audibility is very low, and also the receiver side person is not getting good audible sound. Phone overall performance is not good.
Battery power is good now.  Display is good and sound is medium in the Samsung galaxy M20.
Touch input is having problem and it is hanging in between. Poor build quality
my display got broke with in fall of 30 - 40 cm .. the display clarity is good but display quality is came to worst and build quality is some what unsatisfactory.
really disappointed, Face recognition very poor in low light, it unlock the device with other faces too, i hope upcoming software update will fix this problem.
After 2 month overheating problem creat. taching problem also
Nothing special.  Started lagging from day 1. Just a typical samsung phone.
Average product
Not recommend at all.. Very poor souns quality.... Call disconnect automatically during the call. Voice is not aduiable .signal pronlem too
Do not purchase! What is showen it's not like that! Charging is very bad! Front camera more worst! Charging takes 3 hrs to charge it's nothing 3time fast charging!
Am very disappointed by this product..within 2 days phone starts hanging.i replace the product bt response also very slow....
Pathetic cell phone.....flickers frequently, unlocks automatic, hangs all the time....fgs buy else.....no return option coz they knew we will return back......
Samsung big brand name given dead phone and after 7 days replace a phone with 2 hours of discussion with delivory boy
Will suggests Mi / other  phones,. Instead of Samsung...  Better camera Quality, Battery Life, & other performance.
Wast of money plz don't buy this phone Camera is very poor quality
Look is beautiful and back camera is good but front camera is the biggest con.
Not updated,,,, basic android features,, there is not on display screenshot by finger swipe define its features,,,, very disappointed with samsung,, not recommend
Heating issue not good for 5000mah and Worst front camera Performance OK Waiting for redmi note 7
Hanging problem heating very soon camera get hang display not good fingerprint not working mic problem many more problems when my cell will get replaced
Finger print reader is best, Battery life is better than  other mobiles except red mi
Good
Good quality mobile
Bought this phone in Feb-19, the phone hangs & behaves on it's own. Touch Screen also doesn't function at times. Please dont buy this product
poor performance. Device heats fastly. Gaming experience very poor. The 5000mah battery is like that of 3000 mah batteries. Battery life not long.
Camera quality is the only benefit of this device. And no battery life and no quick reaction from fingerprint scanner. Think before you chose this one.
Samsung Galaxy M20 Inbuilt ear phone not working. Even after replacement still issue persisting. I couldn't expect from Samsung such a branded company.
it is just 2-3 month old phone and it often hangs. also once in a day it's screen start blinking and opens apps on it's own. not value for money at all
Typing problems, touch problems, many storage is store by system.
Product is good but samsung will not support in problems happy with amazon but... Not samsung
M20 is a verry poor network caching power, finger print sensor verry slow, face unlocking bad
Hanging like anything, some times touch also won't work, at that moment we have to lock and unlock the device then it's working fine.
Camera didn't work well, finger sensor too slow , lot of lak while using apps, display awesome nothing other to say about this device
Battery is not as expected. Camra in low light not good. Touch respone is also problematic. Inly display quality of is upto the mark.
In this phone,earphone jack is worst,I have a old earphone of samsung of 3.5mm but it doesn't go/support in the phone and I dont which earphone will go inside it.
Very poor touch sensitivity and camera quality, hoped a lot from Samsung but highly disappointed though the battery life is high..
Over heating problem not work in summer after 41 degree temperature, and camera not switch during video call
The front selfie camera is worst and the phone has started hanging hanging
Not bad
The Samsung has ruined the whole image of their brand by the FRONT camera of this phone Samsung M20 ,THE MOST DISAPPOINTING EXPERIANCE EVER HAD FROM SAMSUNG..
Poor Camera Quality.. Waste product...Redmi is far better than this product
1.Fingerprint reader is slow. 2.average  camera quality. 3. Battery back up awesome. 4.Display very nice. 5.get update android pie.
Finger print sensor not working
Sometime mobile has getting hang from day1, battery quality is not good. Overall product is ok.
Very disappointed with Samsung. After one month of usage...all of a sudden speaker is not working.
It’s not even the month that I bought but this phone has stated getting hanged frequently. It’s not working since yesterday.
Mobile performance is quite good but Camera quality very very pathetic.. poor quality picture & feature. Will not recommend.
I'm using this phone for 3 months performance wise this phone is not good and not quick charge battery back up also very bad
Average
Working slowly
Low quality mobile, screen torch not working, mobile hacking issues I am Facit.
Hang ho raha hai
Its batter to buy Xiaomi phone at this price range, much batter phones are available. And also the phone came with a defective front camera.
I dislike. Because phone is getting heated rapidly and then some apps are closed
Hello frnd please ho sake to ye mobile lena mat itni problem ho chuki h isme charging problem and display or service center wale sunte nahi h
Worst phone just don’t buy...the screen broke in my pocket on the second day...no quality.phone is very slow and hangs every few mins...just don’t buy
I got a defective piece with overheat issue. Replacement time is completed. I don't know what to do? I didn't expect this from Samsung.
4 GB RAM but still hanging sometime. Except battery backup its average phone in this price... if you want good phone at this price go for vivo or mi..
Samsung M20 hanging issue is from day one. Amazon have replaced the same product Samsung M 20 but the issue was remain the same with another set also.
Average phone ,camera is not good as expected . Picture taken not matching quality as seen. 37% battery become 23% in 20 min. i.e. not  upto mark
When mobile is on charging mode that time mobile metal body burn and inside mobile part was burn which I had to pay money for replacement of that item
Not good
No worth as neither they given head phone nor any cover and screen guard with phone cost 12k
Phone has heating issues, gets heated on playing audio/video, on playing games, etc. It loses data connectivity intermittently.
lot of heating issues from the mobile, while for the first time you switch on the mobile whenever making a call and in the browsing.
Only battery is superv but full features and quality is worst after 2 days use its started hanging Samsung you should give best quality if you want to b in market
After 4 month purchased, display screen cracked during to dropped on the floor.. spend again 4k to replace.
The processor is very slow and it lags while gaming Do not buy this product rather go for M20 4 GB ram variant
Worsted products ever So many problems in this mobile Am very disappointed in this product And I haven't returned and refund by Amazon
Really very slow, not working properly, I suggest don't buy it,
Battery life so amazing..i love it design also too good . Fingerprint reader work properly. Camera quality that's nice 🤣
1. Slow finger print reader. 2. Battery backup with 5000mah battery is still less then other phones with battery of 3200-3500mah.
Don't buy this product this smart phone is hanging and i recieved damage phone
Other person not able to hear my voice during calls.... Very disappointing when this happens with brand new phone...What's the procedure to return totally money waste
Charger is nice and battery life is awesome.
Very bad phone I would like to return this plz process for return...
Glass was third class catagary..it was broken
Display quality needs to improve not impressed
Hanging problem
Hevey problem this phone after 1 month use.....Total money waste....
Nothing special but battery only. In 13K this is quite expensive mobile. Worst camera quality. Backup is good only. U can get much better in less price in redmi.
Good
Worst camera poor picture quality in low lights lack of details and image bright colours r missing macro shoots  is bad missing details also
The phone started hanging after 15 days of use. Samsung need to fix this by giving a proper bug fix upgrade.
After 2-3 Month using Fone is showing many error, hanging, heating,. And changing issue
Battery life is good, Charging is fast, Camera is average, Screen coverage is good and everything is good but the display technology is TFT and it's very worst.
Suddenly Hanging the system and phone sound is also not good.disappointed with Samsung brand.pls make sure try to sell good phone in market.
Fingerprint sensors has bad experiences. Mostly heating the mobile when talk or play video at the time touchscreen don't work for sometimes.
Fingerprint sensor is not meet with expectations.well battery life is good.And system performance also not very impressing.and heating issue is there
Problem with network signal(tried with multiple networks). Sensors are not that efficient. Not worth for the money. I would rather suggest Moto or MI
Fingerprint sensor and face unlock is average over all phone is average. Phone battery performance is suparb
First received what seemed to be a refurbished product. Then received a replacement which has serious overheating issues. Finally return requested.
Battery backup is low and it gets discharge very soon even though if it is not operated. Camera quality is worst and gives higher resolution In the pictures
Not happy with the product at all.. touch is not working..
System is very very bad. Responding very slow but this Ram 4gd but not working properly. Good thing is battery backup more than 5hr
Sim slot is not good, we ave to use needle to eject sim. It hyas network upto 2g/3g not good., it is broken very often, USB cable is also very short.
Camara quality is very poor..And but slow while making or receiving calls..Some time hung issue also reported
Phone is too much lagging when you paly high graphics game like pubg.And over heating issue.Too much time take during charging.
Hanging, lifting call takes times, some software glitches. Charging is good, charging fast.
Except camera everything is good.
Good
all features are good,front cam is not bad ,some time camera's button like capture, rotate camera etc are not working properly at selfy time,lots of bugs😑
Only issue is sound quality not good when on speaker. Photo quality is good. Performance no issue for normal use .
Positive: Design, Processor(no hang)Face unlock(quick),Fast Charging  Negative: Battery Back up max15hrs only with normal use Terrible Cameras No 4k video
Repairing cost equal to selling price
Not a good device. Hangs a lot. Look wise good but has a verumy poor performance. Waiting for an update to resolve the issues. Suggest  you not to go for it
 Showing Dual Back Camera...But Only One Camera is in built.... second one is only for Show off.... unsatisfied...
Not reached expectations
After using 1 month I can say It has hang problem. I do not play games  fir bhi hang hota hai. Waste of money dont buy it?
I like the battery backup, but if we talk about camera it's poor don't waste your money if you want to buy it for camera .
I bought 22/8/19 touch is not working properly I really disappoint now I don't know what I do
Don’t buy this phone its only a powerbank with 5000mha Battery poor performance, bad build quality totally waste of money.
Poor
Hang problem, front camera is worse
Hang problem
Battery life good Sound quality good Picture quality good not brilliant what samsumg gives.  Autobrightness is rubbish.. very slow response
Useless product because network isssu ....Low network provide if you will buy this product than not replace amazon and samsung company.....
This phone is really great. Not like other Budget Phones of Samsung. The Software Optimization is great. Camera is fine. Overall Performance is Good
Very bad camera Very slow working Battery just for name (5000 mah)
Camera is not good.. To much of processed image. Less natural look
Battery is fastly draining, frequent touch issues, heat at backside of phone,
Very poor. The voice is almost no voice. Complaint resolution is also poor. The tech us not comming fir rectification of complaint
Looking wise phone is good,battery power is awesome, camera is also good but problem of hang on with Samsung is also in this phone
worst product hangs all the time touchscreen doesnot respind quickly heats up easily keypad also doesnt respond sometimes dont buy
M20 is very slow after 6 months of purchase, there is no use even if the software is updated at SAMSUNG service center. Very bad experience with the mobile.
After 4 months using mobile was dead automatically. What happen god knows batter. Not expecting from samsung motherboard issue
Every time hang
Camera qulity is very poor like VGA ...if u are selfy lover than go to vivo and gaming is also poor only look good.
Hanging problem is very common
This is not worth product in this range. Go for another phone in same range.
Battery quality is good but camera quality  very very bad.
I am not happy with this ph as unable to get proper net connectivity.. no idea why but this ph has network problem by which i am unable to use net properly
camera quality decent, battery life is excellent
Very bed phone hanging problems from 1st day of purchase and touch problems
Face recognition is very fast compare to other Samsung phones like a7 and j8 fingerprint scanner works ok but camera is not good and battery life is very good
Nice android phone but display not good very poor graphics in gaming like pubg &MLBB worst graphics.battery life condition awesome.
This phone performance is very poor.  It is not representing to Samsung. Battery is not as 5000 mh. Camera is disgusting.
Average Phone Can't think this is gud deal so don't buy this
Camera quality is not good as described..wide angle images quality are very  bad.... its took only wide angle bt its quality is very poor...
Product is not ok it haves so many problems like hang freeze and Stop continue serving at service centre so pls help to exchange it
Dont buy very worst product..waste of money
Waste of money.. Seriously baskwas mobile so much heating problem sensor not working properly very very very slow charging n more over dey r not replacing my mobile also
Good
Its perfect in all conditions fingerprint is best working camera quality also bigger super and finally i satisfied wid the bettery of samsung galaxy m20
Below average
Poor processer not working fast comparatively with same ram capacity Mobil  Frequent hanging and updating Not user friendly
Sensor is not work when the calling for any no. Then scren light is never off. I humble request please replace my phone i face the problem
If your budget is slightly high, go for Redmi note 7 pro or Real me 3 pro. They provide much better processors and Camera quality for 14k.
Insensitive touch Hanging a lot Slow charging Insensitive fingerprint scanner Too heavy Bad cameras Too slow
Finger print reader is too slow and the camera are not clear as it demanded in the advertisement...overall worst mobile and waste of money
Worst phone ever had. Since I bought it never a single day it worked properly. It's been hanging since then. Will never recommend any one.
The display brightness is worst i have seen, it is worse than a chinese mobile...did not expect this from samsung. If possible would like to return
Sound quality is too poor.. Lots of features missing. Voice call worse I love Samsung brand but this time i m very disappointed...😣
items must be included as per ground reality i.e wireless Headphones, tempered glass, mobile safety cover case and ofcourse a lengthy charging usb.
Front camera is very very poor and some times hang.
Fingerprint reader is slow and camera quality poor and battery backup good
Very very slow performance when I used Map always hanging even not getting any notifications until I open particular app Totally west of money
This product is not good n battery backup is worest the mobile is below average friends my advise for you to don't buy.
Hanging
The phone freezes very frequently and needs restart. Also its performance is not up to the mark despite having 4GB RAM. Not recommended.
Worst phone... hangs alot  apps open automatically .. even service centre are unable to fix the problems of automatic app opening. Dont waste your money..
Review after 1 month of use:- front camera is not good , the biggest drawback is hanging problem in the phone , sometimes finger sensor not work properly.
Touch not working with properly. Don't  buy this product ,I returned one mobile and next also touch problem phone delivered.
Mobile is heating up like anything, am unable to speak in mobile call itself. Totally waste of money.
The battery backup is worst it produce so much heating and nit gain upto 2 days as mention in terms and conditions 2nd bad quality is of hanging issue and camera quality
Worst strategy from samsung.i kindda feel like looted for buying  this device. They launched the m30 with awesome  specs with just a couple of bucks more in less than a month.pretty much disappointed.
Very low quality picture and low quality screen
Over all phone quality is good but it's slow and face lock also worst it unlock through photo/Picture
 The phone is defective, please advise what to do next.
Slow performance, samsung should not throw this type of series.
Camera not working, out of the box...worst phone and company.
Sound quality and battery life is simply owsome. Rest of the features are very average. Very bulky. No Samsung standards.
Something wrong with the touch
Not much well this price heating issuw
Pdf file not open, battery life is goooood Camera quality is average Fingerprint reader some times not working
Its become slow after just use of one month.screen doesn't respond quickly.
It works slow and heating while online
Display is good Fingerprints reader ok Battery life Ok Camera quality is very bad
Samsung is famous for his poor processor and that still proven true in this device.ho and learn something MI and oppo that how to make god mobiles
The battery & the look is good, but the proceser, camera is not so good at this price range. The device gives bery poor quality gaming experience.
Battery charging very slow It takes 1:30 hours to complete full charge
The phone is not good because after a little talk, it gets hot, then the charge gets very hot, which causes the phone cover to be opened.
Worst experience with samsung m20. Worst rear and front camera. Finger print not works properly. Network problem and slow internet speed.
Don't wast your money for this product. But this range not perfect other brand mobile so this product compare best real me, mi is perfect
Bad product. Very heavy got heated up every time. PUBG game lags in it while having lowest graphics setting. Worst phone . I am really disappointed.
It's not a friendly user  compare to mi note5 pro
For few day phone is pretty good but after 20 days it starts it ultimate level of hang even you can't handle the phone
Screen very good but camara is not good and hanging problem are stared in this device
Battery is not good.. even though it has the biggest battery, after couple of weeks of usage, battery charging will slow down and it'll discharge quickly.
Worst phone.. Lags multiple times.. Whenever multiple apps arr their it will lag.. Response time is very slow... Camera is vey bad as compared to other brand.
The phone is not working from yesterday, i complained at samsung service centre but no body redponded. Unable to switch on phone again after it shutdown automatically.
Smartphone is awesome but the touch is getting hang in between while operating the device. I have to turn off the screen and again have to open the lock.
Fingerprint sensor is worst in today's generation sensors. No quality glass protection for screen. Processor is not good enough compare to snapdragon's processors
Not satisfief
Heavy
May be budget but not durable.  Screen damaged without any physical accident after 4 months.  No proper service support.
I like the screen, battery life and its fast charging.  But its camera, processor and calling app is not worth.
Hanging Issue with the mobile while playing Game and Watching video  . Fingerprint is ok . Rear Camera also ok but front camera dissappointed for selfie.
Brand.... Samsung Its user interface satisfies me with all function But I am facing problem with pre installed software like Galaxy type I can't use clock offscreen
Heats up a lot while using 4G or playing games. Call quality and camera quality is good.
sound and colour quality  is excellent but u should doubt battery life is good but not excellent. touch is not good lot of issues with it. reviewing after 40 days usage.
 Product is not gud... Software isssue
Not As per Samsung Brand Mark. Not specified about The Glass.. get hanged soon. Battery Gets Low Very fast. Dosen't charges Fast.
Worst mobile display not worked after three months and display hanging always.servie center is not responsible properly
Phone is getting hanged and works very slow after touch it takes 1-2 seconds for excecute.  Please help for an exchange
Processor not up to mark+ Finger-print scanner is not working after 3-4 months.
Camara worst performance, battery is good,little hanging issues ,speaker is ok,i think it have fake Dolby atmos sound system, totally just ok...
Battery backup is normal camera is not good and it is not running smoothly
Kinda ok for the price
Bad Phone and very Bad Service, From the very first day it's hanging and creating problems..... After repeated complaints no solution povided
I purchased the same on 23rd June and facing troubles within 1 month itself. Delay in opening apps and sometimes it hangs .disappointed with the product. However battery life is fine
Phone is  hanging even after bug fixes ...Camera could've been better ...worst product from Samsung
The phone hangs a lot. It's beenjust one and a half month and everyday is the same issue. With such memory and 80% free memory hang issue remains
I love the look of the phone. It's really cool. The camera is average but the battery life is awesome. anyway I'm really happy to buy this phone.
I am having trouble with the battery. It is not charging properly. Havent responded. Pooor service. I should not have given even 1 star.
The phone starts doing something on it's own , like typing on it's own , need it switch it on off frequently to stop it from misbehaving
Please don't  buy this phone. Touch response  is very very very bab. Like a price of 2000rs. Phone. Waste of Money. Very Disappointed from Samsung.
Both cameras are not worth and very simple design I face some amount of struggle mean lag while using twitter and face book not worth for money
Fingerprint sensor and battery life is good but camera in low light is not good as expected. In day light  camera is good.
Looks is nice, heavy phone, expected much better user interface so it is bit slow as compared to other phone MI & IPhone have much better user Interface
Phone hangs many times. Touch quality is compromised, overall a compromise phone certainly not expected from a brand like Samsung.  However battery is awesome
Network issue not able to access the internet notgood quality of the phone it's gating hang again and again also charging connectivity issue is most commonly happened
Good
This phone is working like my old phone, even my old j7 was far better than this. It's very slow and I don't think this phone has 3gb ram. SERIOUSLY
Mobile camera is not good And mobile weight high and mobile quality very poor
Camera is average processor isn't as much good overall good for basic users not recommended for gamers
Touch isn't working properly. I need the refund. Cheap but not a quality product
Average mobile not very good  camera quality is poor.  Fingerprint scanner work slowly, battery not good equal 5000 mh
Mic problem.. most of the time the phone shall work after its restart done ...3 months but condition like 1 year old..
I didn't expect this kind of product from amazon.It took 8 hours to complete the full charging.I am very disappoint with the product.
Touch screen not working properly. Didn't expected this from a brand like samsung.
worst phone....i got this phone 15 days ago and i have facing lots of problems...,battery raality like 3000mah,major problem is network....plz don't buy this phone
Very bulky
i facing some problem hanging, Most important is network problem in samsung android. Nice phone, Fr. Camera Average, Sound quality average,
RECEIVED DEFECTIVE PIECE. I SENT REPLACEMENT REQUEST WITHIN 2 DAYS AFTER I RECEIVED MY PHONE BUT NO RESPONSE. i NEED REFUND OR REPLACEMENT ASAP.
The phone  is heavy  to hold its feels like holding a iron  or rock. Pls don't  go for this add some more money and buy better  phones available
Very very bed quality of this mobile compared other company mobile and other  company mobile lower price and best quality nam bade darshan khote
Worst quality Samsung m 20.. after replacement there Is also a problem..n also worst shopping site.. not satisfied with Amazon as well Samsung..
Very worst mobile I have purchased in my life. Mobile signals is very poor. Every time you need to go for flight mode. Camera quality is good...
After using 7-8 days my experience is very bad for this mobile. Just bcoz using this mobile it's heating like boil water. Ridiculous experience of mine
Please don't purchase very rost product. Problems:- Hang, heating, auto Switch off, no replacement in 10 days nothing support by amazon
Battery life is same as considered to a battery of 3400 mah.....display got damaged after 3 days,probably my bad luck...gt hot easily .
Bought it for mom but very disappointed because phone gets heated while talking, don't know why even she just started avoiding calling.
In last 6 month the entire screen is not working and I have purchased for my mother and she is very unhappy with Product ..very Poor...
Good product but prodeuct weight is high and camera quality is low, and hanging issue
The volume for the call is very low. Its should be more higher compared to the products available in the market
only battery is gud , camera quality not gud , screen touch not gud, if u want only big battery then buy m20 , otherwise don't
Power charging has stopped. Advise me to return or repair, Or anything better.
Camera is great but samsung slow motion continue and battery not good as 5000mah
THIS MOBILE HAVE MANY PROBLEMS.... NOW I HATE SAMSUNG .... I NEVER BUY SAMSUNG PRODUCT IN FUTURE.....
Dislike....
Though back camera is good, selfie camera is terrible. Face id takes atleast 3-8 seconds to unlock which is pretty slow compared to phones like vivo, oppo.
unnecessary showing ads on lock screen and post unlock, which annoying and unpleasant experience. too heavy to use use for longer hours
Heating problem, slowly changing, data speed,charging indicator not available.  Batry back up very poor . Totally not satisfied.
The phone is overall good but hang sometimes. At that time, clicking on button will not help  you  to proceed  further and you have to go back to website.
Good
Poor performance very heavy weight
Overal good but ..Phone is laging all time ...Cameras are bad ....I will give 3 stars for overall performance
Very bad product facing hang issue & touch pad not working
Display not good, finger sensor too much worst  Waste of money. Don't buy it... Camera result is bad
I dislike tis product because there is no ear phone in this item. IT is very worst of samsung tat they not providing headset to their product
Not working proper and very slow , i want exchange this product kindly do the needful.
Charging issue after 6 months usage
Product is good but some lagging in handling like opening of apps and heating problem occur and front camra is worst.
This fone is getting changed too often. I CANT GET ANY HELP FROM CUSTOMER CARE...DO NOT BUY THIS MOBILE M 20 SAMSUNG.
After 1 month usage frequently facing the problem of phone hanging, camera quality also not soo good, not worthful...
Face recognition is not working properly, fingerprint is working good. Not as expected.
Camera quality is very fake Lo light effects is not work
Worst camera Inferior quality sound Complete waste of money. Market is flooded with better phones. Samsung camera in this price is worst.
The Samsung M20 device gets too much of heat when internet is used in the device. If possible ready to change the device to another model.
i recevied this product on time.after 10 days not able to charge because of little moisture in air.dont waste money. better buy nokia1100.
Every thing is better according to its price but touch screen is not good its camera and battery life is better than any other in this segment.
Reyally I had faced bad expencenice with Amazon I brought Samsung m20 it's should be working bad performance know one can urderstand my problem
Product is too bad when place the first time phone  finger sensor is not working & then they change phone but now vibrate system is not working
Overall performance is good but I'm facing lot of problem with charger port moisture detector without any contact with water or anything.  😔😡
phone is good, but not satisfied with the front camera. images from front camera is not clear looks like we have clicked from some china phone.
Some times two sims not working properly. Weekly only two are three days working two sims then after next day automatically 2nd sim not working
Finger print sensor is not sensitive. Apps supporting is slow. Face deduction is also not so sensitive. Starting of camera is also be improved.
PRODUCT IS TOO OLD...ITS MARCH 2019 PRODUCT...AND ALSO BOX AND PACKAGING IS NOT UPTO THE MARK
Mobile is ok. But it's slow sometime. Despite using a fast wifi and 4G sim it lags sometimes.
Finger print scan takes ages to read, evn though it is 4gb RAM it hangs even with nor al usage like apps and not taking about gaming !
Hi I got the product. I'm quite unhappy with the product that sim card hole is not working properly. Box not included earphone. 😭😭😭
Sometimes fingerprints not work. Some normal Features are not available easily like bar code reader. CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY MUCH POOR.
Mobile is not charging and charger also not working, even I am facing this issue after one moth and lost of charger charging problems.
Really it's a bad product,I never expected this type of product from Samsung, battery was not good even having 5000mah, I returned it.
Poor internet connectivity. Slowly connect with internet. Mobile screen apper after couple of seconds after receiving call.
M comlainning about my mobile by till now they are not replace my mobile Bad camera quality.. Fingerprint also not good.. Battery is too much bad
Notification LED and Secure folder option is not available
Camera to much disappointed good in this price but perfomane under average unhappy
The 3rd class phone we are very disappointed purchased this phone. Every 10 mins it hangs. If someone wants to purchase this phone please don't buy it.
hi guys i have purchased samsung m20 recently after buying the mobile with in twenty days phone is getting hang,and sometimes touch is also not working
Don't Buy ...just Dont buy....... Samsung with its problem of Hanging......within 20 days after buying...will never ever satisfy mid range customer
Tha screen glass was broken within short range its hit floor.. Very poor quality
Not good
I would like to say that phone is getting overheated in some minutes only. I would like to return the phone..please help me..
Not good, having touch problem, network receptor is not good, not able to listen voice of caller suddenly in between of call.
Sucks when it comes to battery back up
i dont like the heavy weight and not a great camera , it is overall a reasonable mobile
Not better than redmi notes mobile
Did not meet the expectations but good
Hanging problem n phone heating problem There is no returns option to returns this product waste mobile
Phone is too slow and earphones Jack is at the toe of the phone which is not good.  It should be on the top.
One of the worst devices. UI interaction is crap.
When this product was launched i bought this phone from Amazon.. And From the First Day Finger Print Sensor is Not Working...! WHY THE HELL THIS IS HAPPEND !
The service center showed that the mobile has not been recovered all night.This mobile is too bad the charger is bad, please tell me what to do.Mobile automatically Works i mean auto touch
Don't buy, ordered on before 10 days now facing an issue screen not work properly. Need replacement but return window is closed.
don't ever buy this as this phone hangs rapidly.
Phone works on it's own, like phone is used by ghost, please don't waste your money on this M Series
Worst sinory product most problem is signal I am humble request don't but it and the camera is poor quality and the design is not good.
Very worst product presented by Samsung. Camera quality is very bad. Battery life is 5 hrs while using internet. Heating and hanging problems.
Pretty good battery life , decent camera and just fine processor. Fingerprint scanner is average. Screen is a major plus point for this phone.
This phone this price range ok....but camera low...battery above avg....quality is good....overall good performance buying only Samsung lovers
I bought this cell phone for two purpose, one is to receive a call and another is to make a call. I can't do both. The phone is always hanged.
It is for parents in your home
Tuch screen very slow.how can i return or exachange for any other model mobil phone? Pls help.finger print, camera, battary life good
Software update came .... Suddenly moisture is detected in charging port ..... Wastage of money .. Dont buy this phone
Recieved defective product.. Neither samsung repairing it..
Battery is good, finger and face recogn very slow and sometimes would not work, camera okay,
Started to freeze on 2nd week of purchase..disappointed
bad product, hang problem,  touch problem don't buy this cell phone
Both cameras not upto the mark.... At the price point... I request not to purchase this model... Go for Samsung A30/50.Thats a better option
it was good until my screen got broken
Slow even for normal use. I think MI is better choice
There is intermittent noise during the call secondly whenever you watch any video the screen flickers and thirdly quality of selfie pic is not very good
If ur pubg fan pls don go for it .it really sucks . Now changing my phone for tat And no other issues phone is too good
Camera is not worth...i mean its ok ok And due to 5000mh battery thr phone gets heavy Overall its a gud phone except camera
Sound is awesome
Bad
VERY BAD MOBILE INTERNET &NETWORK WORK VERY SLOW DAILLY UPDATE MESSAGE NOT UPDATE MOBILE  NOT CHARGING
Veru worst product.. Processor is toooooo worst... Performing worst the Qualcomm 430, Helio P20 which are available in phones below Rs. 5000 also...
Worst phone always hanging and version is not compatible
This is too much heting when u play games and hang while playing. Except that everything is fine. And in some cases the performance is not good.
Pls replace this phone  more thane hit & display problem
Wrost phone ever i purchased, internet running very slow
Touch screen not working properly, now what can I do
Fingerprint is not much good but camera is better nd battery life is unstoppable....
Processor slow some time hang and camera front is very bad
Smasung always have hanging problems as usual..
Don't buy this phone
Touch problem, fingerprint reader take time Bhut hi ghatya phone on this range.
Camera quality is poor.fingerprint and face scanner are to their best but simply gets overheated and often hangs without any excessive usage.
Product quality  not so good as desired. Display not working. Please note, no water or any pressure on it , no any misuse happened.
From the ist day I have issues first I just return it then 2nd comes with defected piece not satisfied having network problem speaker problem
I liked battery performance and other things like camera biometrics are very poor... Front camera is too shaky photos are looking too smooth.
There is a slight hanging issue all of a sudden the phone gets hang rest all good if Samsung come up with a solution for this it will be good
i am requesting you please do not buy this mobile.. no voice clarity and no brightness and we will get eye sight if we use this mobile soon..
Fingerprint scanner performance very poor. It doesn't work if even a 1 drop of water is on your finger. Also it lags while using multitasking
 Very bad product and its using the I am filling mentality disorder because all functions are not properly work.
Processor is very slow.... forget about pubg, COD or heavy games... even few common apps are slow in this, although battery is good, Don't but it.
Disappointed,  there is so much lag , while using  normally  it has heating  issue , is there any return  policy  , I don't  want use it any more  ..
Network problem in the phone. It does not catch network even in the area other phones with same network are working absolutely fine.
Network reception is too law comparing with my redmi note 7. Every time no signal. I'd ve bought another mobile in this price range.
Samsung Galaxy m20 is slow in applications and processing speed is low. Mobile  hanging sometimes if multiple applications are open.
Very poor performance. Bad camera . Very bad finger print reader. Only the battery is good.
Mobile is is extremely heated while talking or net accessing .Camera picture quality is not so good.
Worst model, fingerprint is not working properly, touch problem, phone gets heat all the time and last but not the least hang Issue. Please friend never choose this model.
features are good at this price point. but both front and back camera  quality are bad .if you are buying this for camera purpose then don't buy it .
This phone screen touch   and camera quality is very poor ....
Samsung m20 is good product It's battery capacity is very high Love this product.. But one demarit is their excess heating when in use
Display is good. Do not expect anything more thn that. Camera is bad. Finger print is too slow. Face detection is very bad.
I am using this mobile for 3 weeks , sometimes it does not charging well ie; when I plugged in and after 1 hour it only charging 10-15% ... Disappointed with that....
Camara Picture Not Good. Mobile Proceeded very Slow.
ok product with lowest camera quality
mobile network & data is always at low speed on this mobile. mike has also problematic. i tried same sim with other mobile worked fine.
App not open thru notification
Ear phone was missing in the box. Camera quality is not up to the expectations....
Both cameras are not good as compare to other mobile brands ......i want to resell with 500 rs less price....
Phone display is blinking it display is not working properly
Camera quality is pathetic, it's is just 7 months old product but it is getting hang regularly.  This is not expect from Samsung at least.
Samsung is worst , hanging issue not good for playing games , lot of lagging  issue, heating issue, Samsung is full of issues, do not buy this phone
Camera quality not good as per price .. look for some other options
Hanging and applications  automatically  warking .vary bad expenses
Not so good experience.Phone is slow overall especially when using dialpad. Screen display is awesome
This phone is very bad. And samsung is a ful brand this phone is so hanging and any applications are not supporting. So please dont buy this phone.
No good as per Samsung brand standard at least for this model phone
Phone hanging, apps working slowly, really disappointed, don't go for it, if you go u will regret
Battery life is good Camera quality is low Fingerprints is very slow
Never expected!! No more Samsung. The phone lack performance, speed, camera, privacy... Heats like a iron.
Lag problem.. sound quality very bad.. battery it's OK.amazon very bad apps.sale infrastructure is very bad.salling process very very very bad.
Very bad phone... hang many times even no games are in my phone... irritating phone
Request not to buy this phone not getting signal, otherside members not able to hear. Amazon selling damage phone.
Good in looks.. Built quality poor.... Below average camera..good interface ...not a heavy gaming phone at all...buy it for parents ...
Very poor display quality, got broken within 2 days, Just While keeping in pocket. Don't know how Samsung allows it. Totally waste of money.
The phone lags, not expected Samsung m20 to be so slow, camera not good  The only good thing about phone is battery life and looks
keypad hang every time. Worst processor and camera. The phone stopped working in just 2 months. Never ever purchase Samsung again.
Its a worst phone ever i seen....no camera result...hang the phone...i bought it last 2 month ago...and now 10% battery charge in 2 hours...
The front camera is lagging or shaking when I take pictures or when I moves right and left..need to update android for front camera purpose.
Poor quality sound and speakers. Not worth. I dislike
As the phone which i got is not working properly. I talk to Amazon three times but they refuse to replace it. Very bad experience
Just good in battery..other than worst experience  with Samsung in my first order..camera is too bad and also display .. Nokia is better than this..
Many improvements after many patch releases. Especially after the major update things are working pretty smooth.
despite having 4G provision, phone is working at 2G speed. would never recommend to others to go for this Samsung galaxy m20 phone.
Not good. Same or less range mobiles works dam better than this
Worst product i ever seen.Screen of this mobile frequently freezes.
Phone hangs repeatedly. Not at all satisfied with the product instead j6 which I was using previously was much better.
Camera not good low quality and sensor slow working  and face lock  slow very slow fingerprint also slow west money don't give thise mobile bad
Product is not up to the mark Samsung has a good fame in providing quality in some features of mobiles but i have not seen that in this mobile
Display is good Battery packup also good  Charging takes more than one and half hour to full charge  Not recommended  for PUBG
The phone is really slow and has a below average camera. The fingerprint sensor is the slowest i have ever seen in a phone
Screen quality is not up to mark. Damged by a little slip over table.
Mobile hanging, excess heating,pubg not able to install ,touch is bad
Hanging , and heating problam, Totally waste of money , amazon customer care not supported for return item, don't buy this products
Obviously  Samsung has got complicated operating  system, poor camera, battery  is good,overall not good,bad camera,bad os , everything is bad.
Worst product, touch sensor not gud, camera ok, phone signal not proper - checked in other phone it's good. Wanted to exchange the phone help me..
Frant camera very poor
Don't buy poor performance fingerprint and Face unlock are not working well Only camera is excellent
Camera quality is not good  & features Scan option and others others is not in this product  SAMSUNG  M20
I am not satisfied because 1st days software problems . Service center no solution in my problems. Because no identity problems.
Selfie not so good
Phone and it's performance are good but little disappointed from it's camera. Picture quality is very bad. Otherwise it is good phone.
Interestingly bought the M20 but calls are not going frequently , it is quite irritating and disappointed, if any remidy please let me know
Too bad experience Touch screen automatic working and then display not on in just 1 hr of use. Amazon deliveres me faulty product
Samsung M20 not up to the marks per Samsung quality. 5000 battery does not work like that. Touch quality is very very poor.
Camera quality is not good.
Worst build quality and touchscreen starts heating after 15 minutea of use and finally display got brocken by dropping from 2 feet
Camera quality, battery life, & processor speed were not upto mark/ not so good as mentioned. Face read not working most of times.
Overall very heavy & not perfect in your hand due to weight... Display not good as compar A20/30..ad reflect continue to display..
Faceunlock is of worse quality.If you try 10 times it work only 2-3 time.Call quality is also very poor.Mi or oppo is much better.
Worst experience as far as camera is concerned. It is not good phone to choose if you are camera lover
Samsung brand always is best. In this price range it's like premium phone.
Excellent battery backup. Touch sensitivity is less
Mobile is all good but the phone is charging very slowly ,it takes whole day to charge as it has fast charging.
It says fast charging but after 15 days of smooth working, even 10 hours are not enough to charge the fone completely....
Dont buy this mobile..totally  money wasting .hang so much..batty fast drain and incoming  call shows  so late after ring
Very poor camera,unsatisfied by the camera quality.very very poor camera.good battery life.fingerprint reader works fine.
Item is not as per samsung standard. Camera & display is very poor. Overall phone performance is also below average.
The handset is very heated when charging and used for some long time. Camera & battery are moderate, but resolution is OK
Not good
Touch doesn't respond properly, try for other brand.....
I like its battery performance and i dislike its heating effect. While talking on phone it irritates me lot.l prefer speaker while ongoing calls.
Not value for money. samsung are making fool of our customer. Donot buy this phone. Buy other phone like realme and Redmi note7 series
All things are good but battery drains very fast without any use .
Waste  for money no speed Samsung don't make this kind of slow devices we need speed not only big screen
Worrest product
Batyery life is superb, camers is below average and fingerprint reader works when its clear only
Worst phone Call receiving quality / tower /signal strength is poor In the same place, other mobiles show higher signal strength
this phone couldn't survive the fall from 1 feet which type of glass it is using, Samsung is going to hang..no matter which series it is..
Very bad quality of phone. Specially camera is not adequate.
Don't buy.... waste of money..... flop model from Samsung. ... if I want to prefer with low SAR THEN GO WITH M20
Price is very high for given features, other wise good product
I bought this in may 2019. Its good in initial days. But after 6 months the display stucks. Hangs a lot. Worst Samsung experience
Decent performance with very decent price.. nice features at affordable price...worthy buy..low radiation and quality hardware 👍
One of the worst phone from Samsung. Signal strength is very less. No internet for any sim. Except jio that to two signal point's
Samsung Galaxy m20 internet connection s are very bad
I used a honor 9i with 3 gb/32 gb configuration and it was lighter / thinner/faster than this heavy/bulk/sluggish tortoise
Camera used  Heater problam And battery verry fast low
Battery life ok but mobile phone has slightly heated and hanging problem is there
Showing less signal than other devices... Battery not lasting as promised.
Not ok
Touch is very slowly I am not satisfied
Hangs too much and poor camera quality along with low battery life and high charging time
Camera is very very poor. They have removed vibration for fingerprint scanner. Sound quality is ok. Face recognition doesn't work properly.
Major problem is that it hangs even i have only whatsapp and other pre installed apps...
good
Not so slim as seen in the image and in the images  it is seen to be Infinity *V* display but actually it is infinity *U* display in actual phone.
Camra not upto mark,not selfie friendly
Received blue phone instead of black where as the Samsung box says it as black
Internet connectivity very slow Glass broken within month with slow push to wall Charger connectivity is loose
I had purchased this phone a month back. The phone is no good. Hangs a lot. Response time is very slow. Not recommended.
Likes: Camera, battery, display  Dislikes: Lag during operation, slow in every operation, very heavy
The device is not able to detect faster wifis(5gh) and asked for a return, but amazon is not ready to make an exception.
Worst battery life,even in stand by mode battery was draining. Contacted with customer support but no proper support received for replacing the item
Getting unwanted scratch even after using back cover. Once I will visit service center and will check for reason.
Secure folder does not exists. This is really a very negative point. I missed a lot the home push button on screen. Good battery life.
App starts working automatically. Screen starts shaking. Battery backup is definitely not like as of 5000 mah. Hanging problem at peak
Very bad
display touch is poor..this mbl automatically touch the options and typing  itself..its very bad and while doing multi tasking mbl running slow.
Face recognition ok but it's also unlock by photo face ,so I think it's not safe secure and image stabilization I say that it works averagely ..
Plz dont bye this phone if you travel out of india.out of india not working this phone .amzone please mention this phone only indian sim saporting.
Everything is good except camera and display
I did not like this product the battery is worst need to charge whole day to get it full and without usage it's getting down the next day
The front camera white washes everything...  The voice quality is bad with high pitched sound on speaker.  It's fine on earphones though!
If you are user of snap dragon processor user. Stay away from this exynos processor M20.  So sluggish after few months of usage
A little bit hanging prblm and some times screen is winking continually. Even I did not install lot of applications nor a game lover
Lines coming on screen after 2 months using and when go at service centre , they are not ready to did it ok....asking for 5000 money.....
in this the problem is dual sim and also i face this issue with my idea sim due to this issue now i cannot use my dual slot to the extend
Very disappointing phone ,always lags,every  application is lagging ,not worth,worst camera quality.Dont buy and waste your money
Not good
I like  everything it's  camera is good and quality  is super .battery  is too good.after 5 months  the  phone is  getting  struck and screen is not  working  properly
It has a big problem of hang. It has 4 gb ram but not support small size apps and goes hang. It is not gpod handset accourding to price.
Its overall a good mobile in the price segment. The best feature what I liked was the display, it has an excellent display with the blue light filter option.
Its getting hang randomly for 1,2 hours and generating too much heat. Be careful and compare with other phones.
Not expected from sumsung
This phone is pathetic, even calling doesn't work rightly. Lots of network lag and spammy apps make the phone experience crappy.
Below mediocre performance as compared to other brand in same range, good battery life, but the phone overheats and hangs a lot.
The phone stopped working after just 1 day of use. It is pretty much a dead phone. Never expected Samsung quality to be so poor.
Only for Normal using because when we use multiple apply then create hanging problems many time, so it used only uses normal way
Too much hanging  problem,  even on  the first day, , Hanging problem was started.. And front camera quality is very poor .
There is a mistake of distortion in hearing speaker.
After 4 months use auto rotate not working properly batery drains fast The plastic back starches very easily  After android q update phone easily heat up and also hangs a lot
Hangs during use and also gets extremely heated in sunlight.
xoxo
Phone quality is average. "camera quality"  is not good, it does not look like 13MP. Display is just average.
I like Body to screen ratio...  But after 1 month of use Battery charging problem takes Place...
Nice phone by Samsung
nice phone but it hangs. I have bought the 4 gb version bt still it hangs. Screen size and resolution and battery is awesome.
Camera quality is not good.
Long battery life... Good sound quality, touch is also good. I have gifted it to my father.
It's not good . Very worst product mobile is over heating and  apps open automatically and typing also .  Waste of money don't buy it.
Don't buy this product.. No, double tap for screen wake up. No, led on front side No, charging indication...after full charged
full of disappointment from this purchase... don't buy Samsung M20
Overall phone is good except battery is not as per expectation and after using 4 months it's fingerprint sensor stop working.
Worst performance....good display
Fingerprint reader is good, battery life is also good..but camera is ok..
Bad phone face lock  every bad fast charging  vary bad . Camra is not good .
Hang many time
Too much advertisements on screen
Fingerprint reader is average. Also the touchpad sensor is poor. Camera quality is below average.
Phone getting hanged frequently, add photo option not reflecting in contact, performance not good & facing more issues when using.
📷 quality is poor. Fingerprint some times touch twice only working and  the display will have  two black lines some time it will shake.
Phone is little bit heavy weight and dust coming in selfie camera.....This is not called a quality product, camera should be dust proof.
Worst product dont buy.. camera quality and sound quality very bad... if u listen music without earphone.. sound is not comming properly
Tatti phn h,samsunga gaandu company h,koi mt lena,temper glass lgwane k bawjood phn gira or screen toot gya,screen quality bekar h pura.
Sometimes phone gets overheated while charing and while spending continuously half an hour , another problem is its touch lags very much
Don't buy this phone very bad working I am buy this phone 2 month before now very hanging push lock button after 20 seconds screen is on
Mobile was awsome  but touch was not up to the mark,battery  also discharging fastly. Finger print was good.camera quality was excellent
I am not a heavy user. Over all this is a good phone except Camera. There are many phone available with good features for this price.
Last month i ordered this phone and this month i gave for the repair for charging socket. Aur Bina use kiye hi bohot jyada garam ho jata hai...
Camera quality is very bad. Speaker was also faulty. Mi is thousand times better than samsung in this segment.
Just OK at this price.
Performance of the Mobile is good , but try to avoid buying from Amazon.
Camera quality is too bad. Phone display brightness is very low even you did  highest brightness from the display setting.
Some it over heat on upper side speaker, it have fast then after it taking 2hr to charge full battery, charger cable too short.
Camera quality isn't good enough. Both camera front and back.(specially in night also) This phone I think only on battery.
Not satisfy with the packing. First device i recieved with a defect on edges  on second device which i received its white dust on handset.
Its an ok phone for the price range. Dont expect anything extra ordinary
Very poor gaming experience...not poor but worst gaming experience ever.
Charging problem, I have Samsung M20  1.5 month old and Samsung  service center not warranty for them. So it's soo pathetic for me.
Value for money, but performance is slow . Sometimes mobile getting hang .
Samsung Galaxy M20 mobile look good and all features aslo good but hanging problem is the minus point .
Phone stuck frequently and also get heated
Not a great phone. Display and touch giving lot of problems
Phone is very slow and touch experience is frustrating.  Avoid
Problem with charging. It takes 4-5 hours for full charging
Not satisfied, the charger provided is not working, poor charging, poor camera quality
When we shift back camera to Selfie camera,  phone gets hang.. bad camera performance.. Selfie camera is not working..
I like the fingerprint but face lock is not good, battery was good but fast charging system not work..  slow charging.
Ghatiya performence No return policy Amazon's support is not satisfactory I will never purchase again..
Charging problems in this m20 seris
The world's worst mobile..please don't buy...the software is toooo bad....the Amazon people are not properly responding to our queries...
Signal strength is very weak Not quality product
it unlocks thorugh face recognition even eyes are closed very low n bad security and even fingerprint  not works fast
Big disaster.. phone hangs..
It lags a lot because of it's 3 GB ram recommended u to go for 4 GB Ram instead Apart from it everything is perfect @ this range.
This is gud by dome software are not able to delete like Facebook and many more.moreover it is gud.... Umm little heavy battery backup is fine♥️
The phone gets hang a lot. It gets clicking automatically. Keeps typing and opening anything without you even click for it . Very weird phone.
Not satisfied because  it's not good product. Only battary charging good
Too bad performance
Waste display broken in just 10 days and in small hieght display was also not good from purchase date
Battery life is hell, took 1hr to charge then 10%  Amazon didn't listened to any complaint at all  very bad service
The FIngerprint sensor doesn't work at times. And the camera is not that good as shown in the ad video. And battery life is remarkable.
About my phone Nothing I like about this phone it's over heating short battery life, and also get hang in total bakwas experience,
Processor is very slow despite of having 4gb RAM. and it is in same line of our assumption about exynos system. Camera quality is good.
Bad battery performance.  hanging phone when using pubg game
Recently bought this samsung m20 product, design, phone speed everything good. But cam quality is very very poor, also it takes time. And no focus.
1)Starts hanging after 5 days 2)fingerprint scanner not working properly 3)UI system is not responding error shown again and again. Battery suddendly goes zero.
Perfomance  was good
Fingerprint reader is quite slow to respond. Both front and back cameras perform below average. Go for other brands.
Old device delivered when replace previous device. Because functionality is totally different from previous defect device
There is heating issue with this phone. It may get hang during play game and internet surfing. I will not recommend to anyone.
Camera qualtiy is not good according to its body and screen size
Charging problem
Mst phone h itne me
Fingerprint sensor is very important bht this fingerprint sensor is pore quality.....and camera is not a setifait quality ....battery is very good
Waste product from Samsung It takes lot time to charge and discharging at early. Poor 4G signal strength compared to other phones. Better not to buy
Battery ossom,back camera was good but front camera not good just like average
Calling proble call was automatic disconnect or not  received this is not network problem its mobile problem this phone not Good
Getting hanged from very first day. I'm thinking to return it.
very poor product.... it takes 5 hours to charge it full
Good camera but display is now given problem like some time automatically working and some time stop working above all this Samsung came with good
With for money but battery Lyf only 6hrs back up..
No body should buy this
Long lasting Battery life but Vibrators not working, I am already verify that issue service center but no solution...
Fingerprint reader is super slow. Even camera quality is very bad. Mostly take blur image.. But battery life is good.
Phone is just ok, MI phones are better in this price range
You said it's a 5000mah battery,  rubbish, it won't last a day. And with flat pin for charger, always force to carry your charger.
poor performances. This mobile is the worst . It started to hang after the update . I will not recommend a y product from Samsung . Never ever again I m buying Samsung product.
Battery charging minimum 10hour.but not reached 100 percent
phone getting slow, and heating for long calls
Low quality phone by Samsung... Camera quality is too bad, and the hanging issues is not solved till now.. Bad experience...
Many useful functions are missing like double tap,fuinger screenshot,sim default  function for calling,slow to load apps,working slow.
Display colors are not clear and sometimes faceing lock problems
Fingerprint touching not working properly. Camera quality also not good I recommending everyone not to buy this product waste of money
Very Slow face reader look doesn't match as expected No value for money Not better than my previous mobile-Realme 2 pro
Mobile got problem,I visted authorized service center, then given DOA letter ,I sent mail of DOA copy, so when should I get new mobile
Hang while playing games , camera quality is too cheap , nothing good ...BAKWAS mobile.. Loot over online selling..not satisfied.
I Got a defective product and amazon is not replacing it. Product is within replacement warranty. I will never order again from amazon
phone look- excellent Performance- average Camera- good Heating problem Face unlock-average Battery-excellent
My mobile very hang mobile and keypad not proper 03 months 2 time display change My mobile m20 design very so mach rong purchased
Don't go fr this phone,samsung is cheating its customer's, this handset get hanged every now n then.
Waste of money
One of the Worst Mobile from Samsung, please Guys don't buy this mobile. Struck Hang, takes more time to switch between apps. Telling behalf of multiple user review
Worst face lock and finger print scanner ever ,except the battery backup every other feature is not up to the standards including the cameras
Never ever buy samsung M series phones.. touch not working properly after few days. totally waste of money..
Sensor is not working during call, Mobile is to slow getting a call to someone. Mobile is too heat
After 4 months, Sim slot 1 is not working. Finger touch lock is not norking 15 % time..
Nice Product But just I feel  networking  catching  power  is slow.....
C type ear phone socket is not working.sent the defective piece.where to get repaired?
Cemera quality low Heating problem Low performance Hanging issu
Looks good that's all. This set is slow in nature. Camera quality is average. Touch problems occurred in just 3 months.
Good Mobile samsung But lcd quality average Phone working well good
Average product
After one month use my phone screen have some problem in one side
Waste of Money
Third class product toooo much hanging problem fingerprints scanning very poor display is broken in 7 days
The product has shut down automatically and can’t be used. Request approach Samsung and return/ replace the product.
Face recognition is slow. ...and front camera very bad battery not good as expected hanging issues in new phone also
I am very disappointed with this phone. Even a simple games like Mini Militia cannot be played well. It hangs often.
As usual same hanging problem and battery is 5000mah but not working like 5000 mah and camera quality is ok not good
Motherboard gone on exact date of 1 year . Repair cost is Rs8000. Completely disappointed. Not recommended to anyone
Touch was not working bought with in twenty days.other biometrics and battery good.i want to need replace one.
Camera quality is not better than MI phone and its efficiency. Battery life is good.
Battery life low in internet on time
Not working, display switched off, how return/replacement
The phone after using it for 6 months is extremely slow.Please don't go for samsung every phone of it is slowing down as days passes on.
The charger is not working and the battery doesn’t seem to be up all the time.I need a replacement for this product.
Good build quality. But very poor performance. Touch is really bad . Better to buy Mi or Oppo .
Data speed is average. Blue light filter is worst. Audio quality is not good in Dolby atmos.
This phone has freezing problem and camera quality is worst and after 3 month it does not spport fast charging
Very poor quality camera. Poor phone I have ever seen. Poor performance Having stuck while using Facebook. Waste of money
screen touch problem fingerprint sensor problem battery life is good camera is fine but not compared to mi
camera is average..wide agle is good. Battery is 5000 mah but no use it drains fast. Heating issues.. performance is very bad. phone stucks. finger print is very slow. Over all worst phone
Dont Buy, worst phone, never expected such built quality from samsung . Screen broken by small drop. 2 phone puchased, both broken
I think it's not work from perfectly  west of the product face recognition Fake and does not work it is slow changing fast down battery life
Didn't liked i have not received the ear phones with the phone.Unexpected from the brand and Amazon. Like the design and quality of phone .
Good looks and screen but user experience is really bad: From touch and typing to navigation it is not stock android  and is really irritating.
The battery  kin of over heats whn u charge or use ur phone too much n on top of tat the screentouch is not yhat resposive some times
Fingerprint reader does not work well everytime.camera can be better . battery is good . Phone is bit bulky and hangs many times
Camera  qwality not Good. Some time touch screen works automatically itself. When i connect it to charger it shows no photos selected
Display quality is very poor,gorilla glass is  not very good,the night camera is not very good,it is not protected devise,bad divide.
Product heats up during charing (within 10 to 15 minut duration) Is this a flaw across all M20 devices or specific to my device only?
Worst product...already mother board is changed. Processing is too slow and many times hanged. This is all about within one year
Bad product after only 10 days mobile speaker phone is not working . I listen everyone voice bt my voice is not hearing by any other.
I bought phone on 12-Mar-2019 my return date expired on 17-Mar. Now I am running into issue with network. It is a malfunction of the mobile.
samsung phone is hanging your all phone me used it phone. we are sorry to say sir please refund your my payment as soon this account.
100/65 ok
After updating mobile,Camera has down and  calling does not attended because of hanging problem but battery life is so nice.
Liitle bit heavy  , Weight distribution  is not even, No slomo video capturing Fingerprint  sensor is too bad
Display is not well it's looking very blurry pics n videos even they are HD pics.... It's the biggest worrest problem.......
Good spec's
Very bad experience after 10 days phone is not working properly ND screen will black so slow mobile I suggest if u gonna on this price u will go for another brand
Battery storage is good but  in starting it works very good but after sometime phone is hang continuously and also warm(hot)
the response time is very slow, and started getting hang just after 15 days of use. when we click on one thing atleast it takes 3 to 4 seconds to give response. not upto expectations.
Battery is draining very fast and camera is very worst. Please don't buy this phone.
Not recommending. It feels bulky and weight management is not good. UI is not like other Samsung devices.
i bay susamg m 20 phone 2 months a god and know s tart to hang and have a problem with changing time
Camera quality is just normal not much future's. Battery life depends on usage with wifi or bluetooth it's take time to charge.
Worst investment! Highly NOT RECOMMENDED
Its a nice phone but it hangs frequently.
It's a very worst product ,hanging problem is always there in Samsung product,in this price samsung make fool there costomer
Very bed touch quality very slow phone i am irritate hy guys dont take chance dont wate ur money for this phone samsung m20 very slow
Ok
It's doesn't function as it has mentioned, inspection done product is not replaced
Camera quality no good.
Phone is all good but camera quality is bad..
poor quality sound , frequently hanging
For the price of 12k, brand like Samsung is very good. It could be better if they use snapdragon instead of exynos processor.
i am face lot of problems with new M20, form the first day
I don't like this product I want to return this product but there is no option to return it  please contact me as soon as possible .
Worst cell in my life always hang..from the first day of purchase.I never suggest to any one to go with Samsung. Really bad quality.
Phone has heating issue. Always receives warning of heating issue. Camera is just ok. Needs to resolve heating issue.
its very bad in its performance...very very slow. getting hang. In perspective of battery backup only...you can go for it.
All product is ok but if we turn gaming like pubg it is not optimized erangle and training mode many problem bugs earth difference .
Overall is okay in this price range. Feels a little slow while using. Maximum available ram will only be 700mb with no apps running.
Product is good in terms of look and feel but the build quality is not strong. Screen got broken just by a short distance hand drop.
Worst phone ever..I m commenting on it after using 3 months..my phone is at service centre for both charging port and charger issue.
Please do not purchase this phone...suck battery life suck finger print and very poor performance... instead of it buy realme phones
worst
Good battery but bad camera clarity
Feels like u working on an amazing set after so long ND then suddenly u come to know you cannot download even a single app from play store 😈😡
Worst ever experience in buying smartphone online as Motherboard was faulty within 1 week of usage
Good battery life
Lagging in performance n multitasking even for 3 to 4 apps . I hv 4gb variant still.... camera is average! Battery is good!
Very poor battery. Gets discharged within 12 hours on standby. On full use, it doea not even last 6 hours.
Itz just another samsung phone..which hangs at any moment..thought they hv worked on it..bt itz the same one..think twice before buying one..
Camera is not good Mi cameras are lot better
In Display manufacturing defect. I complaint but no positive feedback come.
Ok
Battery not works as expected. Phone have a heating problem.
This product is not as it is described fingerprint scanner is not working properly and charging cable is too small.
Don't buy this phone from the start the handset keep on hanging is horrible and the battery is draining very fast is useless
Not satisfied with camera quality, Sometimes hang while try to open multiple app. Totally wastage of money! Don't buy it.
There is a lot of problem in the phone.I am using this phone and I am not satisfied with this phone at all.
Very very Worst, All specifications rumor. Battery capacity 8hours only, network coverage very very bad. Service call not Responding.
Some features missed always display on.. improved some features like blue light filter etc.
Fingerprint is not always accurate. Camara is not that much quality. Front camera is too bad. Battery life is ok..
Very bad Samsung phone and service and battery power is very low don't bay Samsung phone and very hanging probably
Worst phone I have ever bought in my life
Was expecting more,problem with touch screen
Very  bad. Phone Camera bad Battery bad Mobile phone hang
1. Fabulous 5000mAh Battery Backup, lasts much longer...!! 2. Camera Quality is good during days but shows pixels during night...!!
Best budget phone... but, samsung should improve on performance side
It is getting hanged very frequently and automatically screen is scrolling and performing actions like making calls and all..
If you are looking for a quality camera phone then this is not for you...otherwise its fine.
Average phone.
5000mah  battery just for name ... guys dont go for it.. camera is also below expectation..
Samsung disappointing again in mid range smartphones
Very bad mobile phone. Signal strength is not good. Voice quality is also not good. Heating problem.  Amazon support is worst.
I want replacement this phone bcz of some times screen touch not working and internet browsing is very slow also so I don't like it
software was not that good...lacks to perform tasks many time and an over heating problem when exposed to Sun...else its a good one
All is good about the phone except audio quality..  The phone start producing noise and become heat after using it for few minutes.
The phone battery life is only one day. Network quality is not that good in this phone. Overall all feature are not up to the mark.
I bought  this  phone 4 months ago but now my phone  start giving me  trouble not working properly and most of time it screen hang.
I don't know about fast charging  what is the need if it take 6 hr to full charge I think my adapter  was change by seller
Fingerprint sensor not working up-to the mark Camera quality is average Battery life is average
Good
very bad hanging problem and ghost touchess and this is very bad i sell it with 1500 loss
It got defective on very first day, that is why i returned it. Not expected from Samsung.
One of the third class smartphone from the brand sammsung. It have 4 gb ram but showing only1.4 gb remaining ram.....and when iam use mobile for a minute it become overheating....
Battery very bad....its Take 8 hours.....morning hours its take 2 1/2 ....this phone Hanging also.....So Very bad Item.Goodbye ......Samsung.
Worest experience with M20, within one month software problem, Charging pin problem..🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯😠😠😠😠
Samsung now a days  started producing phones in many variants that's why they are not maintaining genuine quality
Phone gets hang too much it's almost 3 month from buying and I have not much data in memory still phone gets hang
Screen is very delicate, it fails to connect internet, have issues while connecting to network.
Very Bad camera
Many problems.  Touch screen is not responding property.  Screen shakes and multiple apps open and close by itself
Very worst product.... camera quality is very poor n battery will never charge.. you will get fedup wth this product... please dont buy....
used it for month and now finding selfie camera awful with bad picture and not not even able to get support help.
The phone does not work efficiently and stops working anytime. This setback has costed me in time and money.
Bought this phone last month and it has stopped working. Blank screen.  Looks like cheap quality product
SOUND QUALITY IS VERY POOR, PHONE IS HANGING, LAST TWO DAYS MY PHONE IS NO DISPLAY I AM EXPECTED THIS TYPE OF PRODUCT FROM SAMSUNG
Waste phone don't buy it starting it will be good but the battery won't work after 1 month no fast charging worst phone I had seen
Battery and finger print is good but display is worest product I didn't expected from Samsung.. No features in D's mobile ...
It's so horrible product... Taking 12 hour get full charged..So horrible product..  Bilkul khareedne layak nahi hai
This is not fast charger even I put option in fast charging cable ph is charging like slowest charger taking 4 hours to charge 50%
Highly sensitive mobile.  Screen broke in just one simple fall from CHAIR. Please anyone help can we repalace it. In just 3 month.
Sensor is worst it is not working proper . Many time have to lock and unlock after that only sensor keeps working else not working
M20 phone is very worst phone finger print reader is not good work . Hanging problem I think phone is not in my expectations.
it is a waste product from samsung.No battery life as talked by the samsung and poor camera performance also.Better u dont buy it.
Poor quality really not satisfied with the product...disappointed....mobile is going hang to much full screen get completely black
Useless phone after two month Totaly wasted money Very slow charging Full heating Hanging issue Touch poor quality
Very bad phone hanging all the time even fingerprint scanner not working. Just battery is good.
In in price range many smarts phones are available  with better features  and camera but we buy it only on trust of brand
Worst camera!!
Mobile Hanging. Some time fingerprints not sensitive.
It's very bad,,the phone worked for 20 days and one day all of a sudden,,it didn't turn switch on again.. Very bad don't buy
Fingerprint reader is good ,camera quality is not satisfying but battery life is very good it's awesome.
This phone's built quality is not true. I used 1 month, and in one month the phone's screen and came very much scrtches at the back.
Poor
Average product
Waste for money,over heating very slow working
Phone is very heavy weighted.....heats up very fast during charging.  Selfie Camara is not up to the mark but back camera is good enough.
Sucks worst camera poor screen quality it hangs more often
Very bad product,  overheating when mobile on charging, internet speed is very slow as compared to other mobile in same network, front camera average.
Its look is good but features not good
Nice Display, Camera would meet expectation considering the price.  5000mamp battery doesn't look like can beat 3100mamp moto
Touch does not work properly but camera quality and no other issues but the touch is irritating me there in no more online warranty here
Camera is not so good Also its performance very very slow And I tried  to  return within 2 days but amazon is not supported
Speakers not working after 6 months Sound is very low, worst camera quality
Touch is not working very smoothly... Some time open without any security..
It is written 3Gb ram but its like 500 mb ram only. Iphone 6 has 1 gb ram and when i play pubg in iphone, it runs better than m20
Camera quality worst it's better to choose MI NOTE 7 OR PRO instead of this ....in this range Battery life is ok not so good
Fingerprint not working as expected. And performance in in terms of game lovers is average but overall it's good not the best one
Mobile phone was automatically switched off and on, which problems ? Mobail phone is the how to return presses  ? Pls the ditail?
Worst  phone, money waste, software issue hanging problem. Irritating.. Don't buy this i bought 2of these both have same problem.
Device screen is sometime automatically shaking and if playing games moving screen automatically. Please provide a solution.
Fingerprint sensor are not working properly Face unlock are not scene face & some time phone unlock other face scanning
I'm dislike this product this product is very slow working and very hanging problem fingerprint is very slow and battery lives ok
Average Product
Hybrid slot size less than standard size.  Sim, sd card not fix properly.  1st purchase had this issue,  2nd also have same issue with 2nd sim slot.
Worst product,heating too much. Don't buy. Redmi note 7 is better buy from flipkart. Amazon return service is also bad.
Phone hanged many times a day  Samsung network connectivity poor than redmi,,need improvement,,,
Touch and battery  charging  is not up to mark we need to put for hours to get full  charge
Very bad from Samsung. Performance is very bad .Processor build quality is very bad .Phn working speed is below average.
Poor quality Engineering from Samsung Mobile responds too slow Hangs frequently Better don't opt for this
All functions working to bad quality
This is not a good mobile. I didn't expect from samsung. It hang maximum time.  I suggest before purchase compare with MI, Realme.
Mobile network goes down.. all other features are good.. but its pathetic that the sim card shows full range on other phones
Battery takes more time in charging.Camera is not so good as I expected.finger print reader is as usual
in this phone facing a lot issue of network, since 1st day having  issue of hanging  MI 4 note is much better than this m 20
Wasted my time and money, got defected phone.
Good phone,  nice battery backup,  all the features run well except the camera.
I have wasted my money buying this. Sorry guys I was a great believer in Samsung mobiles till this one arrived.
Camera quality is too worst for this price. Battery life is very good but charging takes two hours of time
Not good
Lags a lot processing is slow heats up like stove oven you can cook your food on this phone too
Not charging indicates, missed call alert no. Message alert no, heating problem
camera quality was not good , sound very low , display pixel not up to marks , don't buy this product , m not  satisfy with m 20
Worst product, Camera quality is very poor, Slowness is there not able to work with it. Not worth that much money
its not a good mobile phone at all camera quality to low  worst for gaming so my opinion mi is better than samsungnat this range
Continues ads from Samsung on screen ,face unlock not working,finger print also not working,slow browsing though network is fast
Front Camera quality bad Back camera good Battery drains in 1 day when used with two SIMS. Fingerprint is ok fast
It  is simply a waste of money... don't ever buy it. It will take hours to unlock using fingerprint and too slow to open an app.
Overall performance is good but most of the time I am facing hanging problem while using keypads. My friend also facing the same
It is written that..  The device is only for Indian Sim Cards..  But while buying the mobile,  no where it was mentioned as such
product is ok.I have given ratings for no cost emi scheme.At last they are adding some random amount eqivalent to emi interest .
Wastage of my money....battery heats alot and phone hangs v bad
I need other company mobile ,return m20 ,plz
Worse mobile ever seen Poor performance
The camera is not so good! mediocre images and bad in low lights! CPU is not powerful well, less than 100K in antutu!
Mainly chaging is very late 5 to 7 hr taking for full charging and battery backup also not good 5000mah I am not happy.
In all terms, it's just an average phone. Better look for a more efficient ph9ne in the same price range. Just avoid it
Bakvas phone 6e Don't buy Bend the mobile with in one month while charging and service center does not responding  Zero Rating.
The phone was not charging properly as some chip was damaged inside (as per Samsung customer support).
I know Samsung is brand but if you compair with redmi mobile so you have make more batter in low price
Faulty charging cable
Average Performance i Think Redmi Was Good
Voice quality is worse
what Samsung commited and what they delivered. Rear camera is fair but selfie 8 MP camera so poor it's like 3 MP camera. It is Average product.
Sound quality very better, screen quality is good, fingerprint and face unlock is not better and camara quality is normal and battery life is very good
Battery is not lasting even one day.  And its heating like hell. Didnot expecr rhis type of mobile from samsung. Highly disappointed.
Can buy only for battery.
It heats too much. It is heating while playing games ,surfing on UC browser also while charging. Its camera at wide angle is not good.
It has a massive 5000mah battery but with a decent use it last a day only. Fast charging is helpful. Sound should be a little more louder.
Don't buy this phone .....face and fingerprint sensor is not accurate and camera is worst.....
It is hang on working.file dos,t open to qwikly. Hanging problam in cuntinue. Not satisfying  in this product.
Only positive thing is battery. Don't go for this. Worst network. Worst camera.
Time takes for charging more than 3hrs to complete 100%
Speaker not working.Low material quality.Dont buy please
1.Phone Hang issue 2. Phone not catching range / net range.
Screen damaged just after unboxing, no gorilla glass
Not good .camera is also not good phone getting heat when playing games
Started hanging Sad audio/can't here other party properly Touch is not smooth Can I replace?? It's only 3 months
Display is functioning automatically, I have get it checked at Samsung Authorised Service Center, they told that problem is in display.
Battery is drying very faster. More over for charging time it will take's 3:30 hour.  I am not satisfied with Samsung
1. Battery life is Very good. 2. Camera quality is not good. average,  not satisfied . 3. Fingerprint reader is Poor.
Very bad experience. Could not able to stop add on screen. Can't see incoming call when someone calling. Very bad very bad.....
Mobile ke Vishay mein galat information fast charging  Ka kehkar 6 SE 7 ghante Mein 80 90  percentage charge Hota hai
Phone Dropped from less than half a feet ( sat on the ground while getting up) and Glass broke very badly. Non-sense Phone
I bought in July month .ek month me hi battery charging and battery backup bahut hi kharab hai .I never buy the Samsung mobile.
My mobile is get software issues with in one month two times I went to service center but my issue is not complete same problem
Camera quality is very poor. This is not fast charging in description written that fast charging. But takes too much time to charge.
Overall a good phone in this budget. Not so good not so bad, some good things are 5000mAh battery, type-C port, and notch. Rest is just OK.
The fast changing option is not working Takes too much time for chargeing
Fingerprint reader is to pour quality and camera quality average battery is ok
Mobile hanging while using, very slow
Discharge battery so quickly
Please don't buy any one very worst phone I ever purchased in my life  Always hanging  Shame on you samsung company
Poor battery backup....poor camera quality....overall not value for money...
Bad experience with Samsung phones. Getting hangs, camera quality not good compare to similar specifications other mobile
VERY LOW QUALITY FLASH. NOT WORKING PROPERLY...WITH OUT FLASH CAMERA QUALITY GOOD. WHENE TAKE PICTURE AT NIGHT VERY POOR QUALITY PICTURE
Excellent phone, battery n sensor. Camara is average but over all nice phone. Issue with finger print sensor after 2 months
Phone is getting hanged continuously.Product quality is not good. Kindly request to either to provide replacement or refund the amount
Worst thing I ever used as fone, frequently hanging out, battery life not better, camera quality is less than a normal
Worst battery. Completely failed mobile. No replacement on Amazon . Unfortunately I bought it. Not satisfied with it..
Good battery backup is good and nice display.
touc response is poor. sometimes dint work. it hangs too. screen broken after falling from a littlle distance.
Processor is bad and internet speed very slow in mobile. Battery life good. Camera quality very bad. Not slim design .
Only one thing I dislike it's hang now a days very
Avg Phone. Dolby Atmos works well. FingerPrint scanner is little bit slow. Both Cameras are disappointing. UI is nice.
Bad camera quality for indoor capture.. And sometimes it closes the applications automatically..
It is very good... Value for money
Mobile over heat generated very dangerous si i want guaranty replacements or another product replace display broken pleade change within warranty
Not good as expected
This is the completely worst product. I had never thought this type of phone Samsung will launch in market.  Thanks, Karna
This phone is slow and some feachers not working proprely
Phone didn't gets 4G network properly and overheating
OK l.. But not as expected
Nice phone but some limitations are there and quality also
Product is hanging from the first day of delivery even after the long updates mobile is not working properly.
Ok budget phone. Heating issue causes some lags. Display problem while changing orientation to portrait mode.
Not any special. A simple quality phone.
The finger print sensor is not too good it is  quite slow i regularly  see ads  poping up . The camera quality is mediocre
Slow process  and front  camra is wrost battery  performance is ossm and some apps having  issues regarding hang or not working issues
Packing of the product was so bad. My phones box was already opened.and it was looking like that it was crashed by foot.
While using Google maps navigation android system doesn't work. Screen will freeze completely we can't do anything until phone restart.
waste
No
Full hanging device please not buy this phone
Smart n simple
This is the review after 4 months .....the phone is not charging and the sim card slot 2 is also not working
After using almost a week.. By Samsung name It's good..  Fingerprint Sensor Is not Fast As Other mobiles Companies..
It stopped working in just 2 months of purchase. This phone has never been dropped down in any manner. Yet it stopped working.
Front camera is very bad.. Colour over seturated.... Rear is ok in day light... Fingerprint senser is slow.... Ok battery life
Fingerprint sensor not detecting, phone getting hang every time... low performance after 6month... I brought phone in aug 2019
The mobile is heating too much during the charging and doing a video call. Please give some suggestion.  Thanks
I was using mi mobile. Switched to Samsung. It's not fast. It will hang usually.think ur requirement and purchase.
Average quality
i like its camera quality and battery life ...bt sometimes it stop work...and it hangs alot...
Display issue . A Dot in display , manufacturing problem poor quality control. Irritating service 😡 poor quality of service .
My phone is hanging
This is worst mobile in Samsung automatically running this mobile hang and not picture quality worst bad Chatham mobile don't west money
Every thing nice
After 30 days phone starts freezing and hanging problem.
over heating, hanging, finger print sensor very slow, face scanner not effective, camera pathetic both front and back
Hangs quite often..within a month battery efficiency reduced..not worth buying. Features not extensive. Bugs al over.
Big Cheat...This doesn't support 4G connections. No information given by Amazon. There was no option of return also .
Average phone, even now m20 is selling at same rate to m30, what's wrong with your pricing policy samsung and Amazon!
Not too good very average product... Hanging problem is samsung copyright
The main disadvantage I feel about its face unlock system. because  it unlock with the face of another user also. Please fix this issue.
Not satisfied with this mobile. Samsung's worst product so far.
Often charging problem like moisture detected please remove charger.Except that all is good.
5000 mah battery but not impressive selfie camera is only ok ok  aslo rear camera ok ok
Fingerprint reader and face unlock not smooth as Apple or Real Me, Not expected from Samsung
Best mobile till now in terms of all aspects but worst acko insurance as they are not coming to pick up damaged screen.
Low quality face unlock and again Samsung proves hanging They didn't solve that hanging problem
Its an ok product...speaker stopped functioning within 15 days...got them replaced by service center
It is a very slow phone and there is no replacement or refund for it so beware. It IS SLOW PHONE.
Pls pls don't  buy
In new product itself near camera a white light is glowing seems to be complaint in display.
Worst mobile, don't buy Samsung products and don't believe Amazon also.
Fingerprint sensor not up to mark, camera quality is below average not expect much, and main thing which is most important u will face hanging issues.
Different phone received
Thephone os heating up so badly and the app gets closed this is happening just after 7 days of use.
Frant cam is low quality. Getting hang, processing speed slow like old phone, Battery performs and charging is best.
Screen and camera is not good
Fingerprint sencer is poor face unlock is very poor sometimes phone hang battery life is good camera is cool
Hangs a lot
Not to mark as ascepted
Kuch kuch future aache hai.
Everything was good but camera is not good
This phone was rooted and there is a spote on screen. Because of rooted Samsung service center declined to receive this phone
Fingerprint reader camera and batteries all ok but face reader is very very slow I dont like then my mobile getting very heat
Is too bad phone... Software is too bad Sometimes hang this and not work properly ans lots of problem in this phone
Battrey life is too bad. It's not all recommended for games like PUBG and for people who use social media applications a lot.
Very worst. couldn't get signal properly. i am not happy this product. i want to return this product. Please help me on this.
Lot of hanging and heating problems. Also network is not ok in this phone while same sim card is working fine in other phone.
I like its display , battery life but its face unlock is not good at all It also goes on hanging after just 5 - 6 months
M30 launched after it is much better specs in almost price.
Recently bought this cell and it hang like anything... won't suggest to buy.
Good phone but not like the other competition in market at this price point.
It is a very mediocre phone which is highly efficient considered it's price.
Signal perception is low compared with my S7 edge and not useful for pubg gamers
heating hurry  Front camera quality not much batter simple  Some functions batter but some  not batter like multiple  and so on...
Worst product, please do not buy it, extremely over heating and batter getting drained out as fast as like anything.
Not a good phone. Size too big and its too heavy. Hard to carry around. The screen doesn't work properly. Very slow.
Please dont buy this phone. Camera qualty is poor. Processing is slow. Audio quality us getting degraded day by day.
My product demage at present Check the service center he ask above 5k.. Warranty  helpless what can I do..
Good mobile.. Camera quality average, battery life very good. Overall Performance good.. Not very good..
Quality of camera was very bad disappointed with camera
The phone is not good. The front camera is just too far. No picture clarity. What you see in the internet does not get used to the phone
Fingerprint reader is very slow ,and sometimes cameras pixel become very much blurry but battery is very nice
Most third class slow mobile phone.
Total waste of money even mi is much better than it
Very third class product and very poor Quilty network issue and camera issue and last 10 days phone ks not power on.
It's hanging or lagging. Touch is not working. I did factory reset. Hard reset also. But nothing happened. I don't know what to do.
Audio jack not working, i never use this before, but yesterday i use AUX then i found its jack not working.
Worst quality for its price.. camera quality is worst.
Dis like because. Eki battery khneko kvl5000mh h 2gnte bi ni chlti or n hi front flesh hhorr nn  selfi kmre me shi aata. Hh
It's over all good  but basically the processor of this phone is slow
very poor mobile. not working at all
Samsung is worst as always It hangs a lot It heats a lot I must say samsung is just a name  and quality is worst
Worst for gaming and camera quality is bad, captured images looks good in mobile but not in any other devices with same picture quality
i don't like this product. it was so lag and hang screen touch properly not use so this product was totaly waste of my time.
I like the battery backup. Camera quality is batter. But fingerprint is not batter. This product hang many time back to back
Mobile battery life is only good thing others only average so heavy users and gamers go other models its simply waste.......
This Samsung galaxy M20s are not working this pose automatically zoom in and zoom out many apps automatically open and close
Worst supplier
4GB ROM does not make this phone faster.
Camera was not good and they hihave say 5000 MAH but performance was not 5000mah battery.i  buy another.not buy this product not good .
Mobile is getting hanged and becoming annoyingly very slow...
Packing was not proper and accessory not given so bad experience  to purchasing  this product  truly  disappointing
Device hanging frequently... Not satisfied. Battery is superb and fast charging is fine. No headset.
M20 phone is very bad in Quality wise. It goes hang again and again even after its services by samsung care centre.
Worst decision to buy this phone. Not a single quality which I can say that yes this quality is good.  Hangs a lot.
Don't buy Network problem in just 11 days No data or network  workings No solution at Samsung center
Worst phone after 2 months i found that my display is not working properly on/off button is also not working properly
Best West Mobile in the world so don't buy it friends
Nice
The phone was hanging,and the picture quality was too bad,total performance was too bad,i dint recommend phone to any one..
very bad product by samsung,camera quality very poor,no new features..totally waste money..don't buy a worst product.
Not like as my expectation, phone getting heat while talking,  auto brightness doesn't work properly, camera clarity worst than expectations.
Camera clearity is not good for the night. And always  slow for normal use also I will never take again Samsung mobile.
My Samsung galaxy M20 mobile touch some time do not working,some time automatically working...so can I exchange available or not...
The fingerprint function doesn't work and if I open any app it doesn't respond immediately
Phone became lagging and annoyingly  slow after within 6 months .Waste of money frustrating to use
This Phone very bad Fack products Opening system and hardware so poor condition detected
Charger socket not working ....its just been4 montjs i brought it....how could i claim my warranty
Heating problem very much and sometime it was hanging problem camera quality has also not good I think this M series has not good relatively A series
Major software issue. Call didn't connect. Other person can't hear your Voice.its been a month although Samsung didn't fixed it yet
5 days Charging Problem Not fast very slowly Charging
Initially the phone was working very good...bt ftr 10 days the phone is not getting charged ......
Bad as compare with other brand
In the starting the phone's good but soon starts getting slow Camera is okish
Not good ok ok very disappoint about Samsung all the hang battery not only one day sound quality are very low picture quality poor
Plz dont buy such a poor device  Really very poor camera like VGA
Hanging, internet is slower than other phones with the same sim card, all over slow processor. Looks good.
Phone is not ❌good. 4 times visit service centre. But not working properly. Finally destroyed the 📱phone.
It's less than 1 year only,  phone voice quality gets down. There is no guarantee paper, there is problem to get repairing.
Waste of money is not good features, havey heating, hanging and use lase
That mobile over heat and screen i nit properly work.so please Reply meas early as possiable.
Very low sound,colors not visivle Clearly on display,
The problem with the phone was that its speaker wasn't clear when at its highest volume. Adding, it became hot rapidly
Fingerprint Reader not fast read, Camara quality good but not best..  Ya battery life according 5000 MAH....Am Disappointed
This phone sucks and starts to lag within 3-4 days of purchase.. Camera doesn't open and other applications starts to lag..
Only brand lover should buy this mobile...camera quality is below than even 10-11k range of mobile like realme, redmi note.
Useless product again from Samsung. Charging point is a big pain..without even connecting to charging..charging indicates..
Very bed class quality low height down break sacreen
It takes too much time to charge as compared to any other mobile charging. In 4 to 5 hours it charged battery only for 35%.
Very bad product worse of worse like the slogan  of previous election. ache din aane  wale hai...but worse se worse agaye
Dont buy this , no fast charging and all, main thing is phone is, getting heat and strylucking very much, dont waste money to buyying it
Received a defective product, Samsung company sold out their product without through testing it, it's a horrible experience
finger sensor is not wortht....phone is lagging after a few day uses...camera in not enought good under usual conditions.....so at last this is a mess from samsung
Not bad and not good..
It's to bad quality of galss it has just fell down the whol touch has broken this not fare j paid for that but no life
Overall features and looks are good. Battery is awesome.
Hangs a lot, heating problem and software issue.
It is good product through Samsung, battery charging time taken long time othwwise...worth if money
Inside packet found opened. And marking on side wall on mobile, seems refurbished mobile, dispatches new mobile immediately
Good  product  value for money. Every thing is good except camera quality.
Very bad experience in Samsung Galaxy m20 mobile ... After buying 15 days my mobile hung.not starting allso ......
Battery backup is very poor just 1 day Camera is very very poor quality about this range Otherwise is ok
Worst mobile  ,too slow charging  maximum 6-7 hours  and 5-6 hours after battery low  rally I have bad experiences
not able to download software whatsapp n facebook  smoothly. takes one or two days. software updated but no change
Display very bad,  hanging problem,sirf 10days use karne k baadh olx par bech diya, currently use redmi note 7 is excellent .
Battery life is very bad..
Not a worthy buy. Buyers are informed to avoid.
Camera not good ,Hanging frequently,battery is good
Ok for normal calling  but not for gaming
Camera poor Battery strong long time
Don't buy Samsung m20 Very very Hanging problem its true opinion for me Don't waste your money for this phone
Phone unable to read my finger(Screen hang).  Screen is easy to get scratched .
The display got blurred and touched screen not function properly.  And some time touch screen doesn't work.
Worst
Worst phone I have ever seen. It's better to buy a ph of 2000 instead of spending 12k in this ph.
Camera quality poor campare to MI Battery full charging take 2.5 hour Every 3 to 4 week new software update
The display is very bad, the screen is damaged within a month of use
Camera is below average.  Do not buy this phone. Very poor camera.  Even Look wise this phone is average.  Do not go for this phone.
Getting heat
Ok
No the stability is poor Screen gets flickering when the phone is hot Ram management is sick Poor touch sensitivity
Camera lacks a bit.But considering its price it's ok.
Sound pictures and battery r good very good but phone total best of money because built quality is so poor ,one drop and finish game
Hanging problem after one year use. Not performing now.
 This product is very very low quality Don't bye Don't bye
 Battery life 10 hr Fingerprint not work Battery said automatic inward
Very bad experience with Samsung and charger is not working after 1 mnth not satisfy with customer care support of Samsung
The phone hangs for no rhyme or reason  especially while operating  the  camera. Really disappointed with the product
Main disadvantage is system hang. Automatically stop ir switch to next video in youtube.other people unable to contact me.
It's my humble request,  don't purchase this mobile,  it's keep on stucking,  not working properly camera is also not good
DO NOT BY SAMSUNG M20. IT'S NOT EVEN A MONTH I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND IT STARTED HANGING.  DO NOT BUY SAMSUNG M20
It's  a worst mobile in my life.  The battery is worst and it is heat while using mobile phone. Battery us slowly charged.
The in screen quality is very bad although it has dragon trail glass protection outside but it's inside screen is very bad
Horrible phone only 7.8 gb available , memory used by the Samsung app as I came to know they are dependent on third party.
Heating to much, and sometime hard to hold, and lead to hanging mobile. And Amazon service not ready to replace or return.
One the worst product of samsung , poor battery back up and its not Fast charging its too slow charging....iam totally disappointed.
Not performing like a 4gb 6gb ram mobile.. slow in performance and low in volume.. we can't hear any one voice if you are on traffic.
Everything is working fine, Just facing the heating issue in normal usage
Price more
Dont even think to buy, other phone are providing much better specs
dont buy this phone....after 2 week of use it become slow as hell.
Lo camrs qawaliti
After use  observed , Its not good product
Good
Charger provided by Flipkart is duplicates. Rest everything is okay
Product get heat often
Unfortunately I drop d mobile phone at 2.5ft height from the ground level the mobile digilizer fully damaged..... very low quality display
Automatically got stuck in middle of work sometimes to ise jagana padta hai uth ja bhai thoda chal le..
it is works 6 months only after we facing hanging problem and display problem. please don't buy this mobile.
Phn hangs in a while. Besides battery everything else is so so .. anyway what can you expect in this price range.
Phone will hang soon at just purchase of 8 days getting problem. Battery  also dry fast not happy with this phone
Front cam is poor. Processor also not good But battery and fingerprint sensor are excellent in quality.
Got a useless product. Just worked for 2 weeks and then had some software issue. Never again ordering from Amazon
Camera is good but it struggle in low light bettry management work well it can take phone energies  upto two days
Its not a good performance handset. We are not satisfied in this product.
Phone not good very cheap processor  don't busum m20
while operating phone is very slow compared to a other 4Gb RAM mobiles and UI is freezing at certain times.
Mobile Processing is very slow and battery backup only one day after fully charge. Some time occer a hanging problem.
Fine
Cheap quality.. heating issue and call drop
Slow fingerprint work 48 mega camera no clarity Battery is so so good Software is very very good
Product having a sound problem
Very bad picture quality, this is the only reason i hate this phone. And they also doesn't return this phone only they can replace.
Very bad fone..hanging so much..please replace my fone as soon as possible without any further delay
Bad product from Samsung, i use before 2 weeks its hanging and over heating problem.and Amazon not accept to replace, i lost my 13k.
Touch is not working properly and earpiece sound quality is very bad
Sluggish! Camera lags alot. Fingerprint sensor is not so good at sensing. Low light photography is a nightmare.
Charge takes much time. Worst face detection and finger print. Please don't buy without checking battery backup.
Good Display,long life battery back up,not heating,superb camera,but weight is more.  in low budget samsung gives a good choice.
Its hang every movement. buy not this, i have brought this item January 2019. Meny times hang and present automatically off.
Value of money ok but hanging problem
Frequently Hanging problem, misbehaving whether used in in calls and whatsapp only and some time youtube
Ok
In my set touch problem is there if i touch anythng it open somethng so i am in confusee is it m20 pblm r its my set pblm
I purchased 4/64 gb variant when I play games on it it's lag a lot. It's performance is very bad and slow touch response.
Battery discharge rapidly, even without switching ON internet. This phone comes with 5000mAh but not working like 1000mAh
I bought this mobile to use in Togo( west Africa) but unluckily it has a regional lock. How can I unlock and use it here?
 Phone is ok but phone is response very slow in multiple tasking & making call
Battery will charge very soon and also diffuses  very soon..,camera quality is not so good when compared to other phones.
I dislike this mobile. I want to return this. It is hang too mush. Power key not working. While calling delay to connect.
After 5 month use display gone automatically worst customer services by samsung
This not good , failed product from Samsung ,I never buy this again  Sorry Samsung , I lost you
Charging problem
Nice
Good
Its hanging in just four days from I got it. Not able to hear the voice from other caller. Its heating.. its really ridiculous..
Its hanging and sometimes fingerprint sensor is stopped working suddenly
Phone is overall good no lag But only one proble is  heating of device They should give a better cooling system
BEFOREHAND THEY DIDN'T CONDITIONED AND NOW NOT RETURNIG MY MONEY AS PHONE GETTING HEATED , CAMERA IS THIRD CLASS
Very very worst product.. don't buy this.. no earphone no charger, no return policy.. bad very worst amazon technical support
It is worst phone due to noise during the call n front camera look like a 1 MP camera.
Camera quality not good. Bad picture quality.
Camera or bettry quality is very poor
Product is problem. Company defteted ko fisikal defect beta kar company apna pichai chmura liya
This phone is not good this is very bad phone hainking problem.......
In rainy season problem of moisture is there.
Worst camera quality ... Hanging problems
Good phone, not so good
Fingerprint reader is not fast responsive,  device heating problem, low light selfie camera is not good.
Samsung now sell wrost quality product with low quality and high configuration they cheat his customers
Mobile is defective frequently getting hanged. And I request do not purchase this model(M20)of Samsung.
Nothing great about selfie camera. Overall the phone is okay. A bit heavy too..
After one month of purchase Charging issues Pop up regarding moisture
Very Slow working
I am  very disappointed  due to front camera having big dust inside the notch display ,dust covering the lens...
Battery life good, Mobile  have issues like  life face unlock , Fingerprint , camera , SAR value low is one good thing .
Samsung galaxy m20 look very nice but over all parformens very bad camera quality good but bettery life very very bad ..
I am facing network problem.. from the beginning. I want to return but, Amazon is delaying to get return. Not satisfied.
Overall This Mobile Brand is with Average quality. But value for money. At this price it is giving satisfactory outcome.
Overall good mobile but some time hanging problem camera not working I don't know why Samsung mobile coming this problem
Battery life very good  but fingerprint and other operations are too slow it seems the phone is getting hang.. very bad experience.
Screen lock adds disturbing. Not remove adds.
dislike this product  because battery performance is not good slow processor for application good camera & design
Battery life compare with redmi note 5 pro Samsung m20 waste..its not a 5000 mah..pubg lovers don't buy this....
Very worst product from Samsung ihave buy the product in 5days they have a display issue plz don't buy this mobile very worst phone
Overheating and turnoff automatically
Same old Samsung  testing my patients from the 3rd month onwards
Battery 5000 mha he par 4000mha jitana hi chalta he, camera result ak dam bakvas ise achha to 5 MP ka camera he
Mobile is good but take 3-4 hrs to charge 100 % and battery  back up is bit low and sometimes  mobile got hang.
Very poor performance and also very poor battery life, Samsung please don't market these type of cheap products
Battery gets drained very fast and charging is very slow
Worst mobile, useless software, sometimes  some apps do not function properly, download problems from Google play stores
I have never seen such a worst front camera in any of the phone which are in the current market. Do not buy this mobile.
Not so good. Average phone
its wify-network connectivity very very bad. only camera improved, and  keeping other features down.
On above
Front camera is very bad quality . Selfies are of very low quality
Product is complicated one it has issue with charging cable and adapter
Horrible it's hitter
Good Display and battery.
Camera very poor quality and hanging problem
I'm having charging issues. Changed charging sockets in Samsung care. But having same problem.
Over all vey bady phone now a days samsung is giving very poor phones pls don't buy it
Its average quality phone. Processor too slow. Display & sound quality good.
A good mobile for battery life seekers but the biometric sensor gives you the worst experience
Nothing special in this phone worst battery life only HD screen is +point Expectations from samsung brand not fulfilled.
Am facing charging issue for charging it taking hours but not charging properly.....
Very slow working M20 mobile. Touch screen not working properly
Waste product fully heat and hanging
Hanging problem is patent of Samsung
This is very bad product this service is not good for this phone this is going  problem for hangThis touch is I think duplicate
Battery backup not good please return my phone
MY GAMEPLAY EXPERIENCE IS VERY BAD THIS PHONE NOT FOR CAMERAS OVERALL PHONE IS GOOD BUT SOME TIME YOU ARE VERY DISAPPOINTED ...
The images are very dull and anyone can unlock your phone with your photograph.... I suggest don't buy this phone.
Not as price. Too weighed. Face unlocking not work properly. Not handy.
Pros - Samsung phone at affordable price Cons - Phone keeps hanging, fingerprint sensor and face recognition worst
Fingerprint censer is soo good..  Am satisfied with this feature of m20..  But the camera of this phone is so average..
Phone is getting over heat. I think Amazon is not promoting write products. I am doubt this product is original or not?
Don't buy this product as within couple of months screen has started giving problems & finger print sensor not working.
 Purchased mobile 2 months before and today this happen with display.......
Mobile network, call drop and Hitting problems continue... not a good product.  Return my mobile phone. Please help me.
The phone hangs, gets heated up while charging, had to get the phone repaired within 1 month. Worst phone from Samsung.
Glass is broken when the phone fell from very less height, i really dont like this, can you please provide me solution on this
Battery lyf is awsm...
Very worst product .I heavily disappointed. I face worst hanging problem with this device. I never expected this from Samsung.
Camera aperture of front and rear is not good, depth is not there as usually Samsung do. Fingerprint not support  camera.
Hangs in small and simple apps. My 2 yr old redmi 4 was much better
Wast Mobile in my life  is m using from 4 months
Samsung provide nyc product camera is very bad depth sensor not working properly. i want refund
Useless... Redmi is way better than. MI cheaper n better than this. Create problem after 6m use
Not happy
Camera quality is poor
Very bad phone even the service centre also tells to not buy it
Water drop notch display looks premium, but camera quality is very poor. Photography in low light is horrible.
Phone hanging continuously. More than five times in 30mins ussage. Not user friendly. Otherwise phone good. Battery life amazing.
Heating issue Bluetooth  connectivity  issues Fast battery  draining
Good phone except camera (especially front).
Good phone
Mobile phones display demage
Have to search the available network again and again when in roaming, not self selected unlike my redmi mobile used earlier.
poor this mobile is head phone jack is very bad not is play head phone and calling
Camera quality very bad
Super
Laggy one ui. Never purchase Samsung mid and low end phone because they are pathetic as hell.
Samsung inbuilt apps suck big time. Charging is slow for rapid charger. Camera average. Battery good. Overall look n feel average.
Auto Brightness not good, while charging take more time and  finger print sensor not working properly
Really bad delivery by agent . I can give him 13000 rs and he will  not give me a change of 10rupees.
Camera quality is very poor! Not at all to the mark of Samsung! I Should have bought different phone.
Camera features are not good. It doesnot have slow motion, time lapse vedio. Selfie are not that much good.
Worst
While charging & using camera phone was heated.phone back cover bulged after using 13 days. Camera very average. Battery average.
Heating issue persists constantly and switches off often .its a big mess. Even when the mobile is idle it switches off
Like *Display *Sound *Wide angle camera Dislike *Front camera *Heating issue (game play)
Most rubbish battery quality, this is not 5000mh battery, this like a 3000mh battery. But others quality is good.
Gud fingerprint  readern camera but battery was gud when brought but after 20 days purchasing it consume a lot nattery
Fingerprints reader- average, camera quality- average, battery life-average
This ph quality not good... But low budget type ph
Signal receiving strength even compared with MI phones.
Worthable mobile from samsung
On time delivery. Design and battery life quality  good. Headset not available. Very poor packing compare to other mobile brands.
Has some processors problem Sometime hang on
Camera is not at all good. Worst by Samsung..  battery is good.. Using of heavy app lagging is there.  No pie updates...
Value for money
Mobile is not working properly touch screen not working it's working after restart phone and automatically switch of and on.
Don't purchase waste products Chargers work very slow after 1 months of purchase  camera bad  battery life bad
Battery is getting heat and call drop problem.
Nope
The Fingerprint sensor is not working properly. Facing problem in Touch screen also sometimes.
Only fault in camera for flash mode and normal hang
worse product,so many time hanging it,i brought it in augt;2019.now i replaced it with other company product.
Not satsified with this product..their is no camera quality no features nothing..feeling bad by this product.
Lagging issues, phone is quite heavy, touch quality is not good at all, very slow in operating
Good phone
A worth buying product for those don't expect many specifications... The design of the mobile makes it look Premium...
Bad quality battery life is not good picture quality not good samsung m20 fail
Phone was amazing and camera was fantastic I really love this m20 mobile,I think Samsung was lunching good mobiles now
RAM problem hangs while playing games
Not worthy,apps are old version and Facebook not working it's updating past one week, totally not worth for money what I spend
Phone is Hanging from first day. Phone Quality is very bad Back Camera is not Properly Assembled. Never buy Samsung M20.
Lot of menus  missing in contacts menus...... led indicator miss .....  some  times hanging  ..... process slow
Poor front camera, Slow processor, heating problem , charge ni ho ra mera phone isko khareede 50 din huye hai
The battery back is pathetic.Also the performance is not satisfactory compare to its specifications given....
Not bad
It hangs a lot now, and i am unable to return it has return window is closed and now i have facing the problem with the phone.
Mobile was so good but 1st day small complient usb Jack so replaced my Jack 300 loss
Battery life is nothing 5000 only for headlines battery Parfums very disappointing me
When I open the mobile it has lot of dust inside. It looks like the mobile have been used. It won't give the feeling of new one.
After One month of usage i cannot charge the phone,it show there is water in the system though there is no water
Touch sensitivity was not good.Proxy sensor was not there.overall its poor when compared to J5 prime
display very bad Camera very bad
There are several scraches in the back of the phone. Poor quality product. Didn't expect this from Samsung and Amazon
Camera is not that great as expected from Samsung. Touch sense is much slower as compared to other brand phones.
Front camera is average, regular problem with network, can't listen voice of other person while call, hangs regularly
Sometimes this hangs for no reason, screen touch respond delayed. Audio not loud enough in earphone or phone speaker.
The phone is okey in this range. camera quality is just ok, battery life is good. processing speed is also very good.
Back camera total worst, fast charge take 2 hour,don't buy it
I ordered samsung m20 from amazon in between 2 days my phone dead and stop working. Worst product delivered by amazon
Not for all are good for xiaomi mi brand phone phome now hungs
When I got cell phone from first day mobile is hanging between running some menu and option automatically running
Good photo for the day today  life. The camera quality is good. The worst part is Battery life
50 % ok, hanging problem,  battery  is fine
Useless phone. Heats up quickly. USB cable is not same as any other android phone. Phone behaves very awkward
Not as good as expected
Average Touch screen sensitivity is low Camera is not good Week face unlock Sensors is not so good
Battery life is good
Catching network signal is very weak. I am not satisfied with this phone. Contacted technical  team but they denied to replace
There was so much of dust on the product and a hairline as well. How can it be possible in the sealed box ?
Dislike phone becose It is often hang It is bad phone My personal advice is not to buy this phone
battery life is amazing, camera picture Quality is very good, but hanging of the Phone is ancestral quality.
Touch & fingerprint quality is very bad ..... 4G Network strength too low as compare to other phones...
This product is defolted and product getting very heating problem and hang. Please solve my problem emijetly
very bad and cheap mobile. samsung processer is very bad. hotspot not working. mobile hangs. phas gaye lekar
I don't like this I want to return this.
Good product
When I use this phone he so heat I want exchange this phone
Fingerprint reader is good ,camera quality is good Internet is not work speedy  and mobile is Hang
Touch screen problem. Some time its functions wrongly.
Very bad product Phone is slow & hanging out daily 3 to 4 times
Pathetic phone
It is a good phone battery is 5000mah but perfomance is average phone perfomance is average
Worst phone Display got damage automatically n touch is not working... Only in 45 days
This is worst product of Samsung jio sim is not working and phone quality is worst.
Hangs momentarily in between operations even when there are minimum apps installed.
Mostly problem hitting nd slow charging
Ok for low budget
very slow in video streeaming sometimes
Dissappointing phone from Samsung Once in two weeks I take the phone to Service centre for one problem or other
Maine m20 liya ...lekin network problem ..speaker problem...but I not satisfied this mobile....I request no purchase
There is a big problem in speaker  .  .. it's hard to hear clear during calls,during videos . I found an extra sound
Not better than previous Samsung mobile like j7 max .only increase ram & nothing to new Pictures quality r dull
Didn't like this product. Frequently hangs, Not able to call many times, getting over heat after recharge and usage.
Battery is good but Phone hangs up automatically and it's only 20days old. It is also very slow. Very disappointing.
Worst phone... don't buy it.. useless phone. Hangs too much. Moreover it has broken my belief over Samsung products.
Excellent design. Camera pictures capturing quality  is not up to the mark. Battery backup is good.
Camera quality specially front Camara is not good as per expectations. Battery is fine. Overall we can say okay only
Ofter  10mnt use mobile happene to heat  I have very bad experience  for the m20 ......  REGARDS RAVI
The device gets heated up within seconds...... It's a disappointment to wait till three sale and buy it.....
Ok but some problem
Performance is very poor it will hang like hell Screen resolution is nyc once use for watching movies
Guys please don't buy this Mobile it doesn't have infrared sensor which is very essential in todays life. Don't waste your money
Not so good, first time I buy Samsung phone but not happy with product.
Today I received M20.  I am  big fan of Samsung products but this is seriously not good.. phone is heating
Very worst device ever seen, low network connectivity, battery life is less & slow charging.
Ok ok product
Ok
Chalega bus
Finger print quality is good and camera quality average and battery life not workas 5000mHA WORK as 3500mHA
Camera quality isn't good A lot of heat generation Face unlock very slow or not working some time
Mobile gets hung, battery will get heated if call duration is more than 10min and more. Battery life is ok.
Nothing good quality. Bad voice qualities
Screen body interface looks so out of place. To meet price Samsung compromised on quality big time.
FACE LOCK NOT WORKING PROPERLY AND AUTO BRIGHT
Worst phone to buy It gives troubles after using for a few days Like lags automatic opening and crashing of apps etc
Touch and face unlock not working properly
I Have Purchase galaxy M20 last week phone performance very bad Phone continues hang  I have suggest all of you don't purchase
Automatic operated...worse in Samsung mobiles Always hanging
Camera is not responding ...error occured
Screen cast not connecting properly strucking & camera also not good & Little bit issue with Touch also we have choosed bad mobile.
Very very poor performance hanging problem,  bettery dead only 2 month of purchase
This product has heating issue
Open the box.. Screen is already cracked lower area. Broken mobile set deliverd by Amazon courier
good product in this price
Broken product
Battery-**** Camera-*** Display-**** Finger print-**** Performance-***
Battary back up is good. Camara quality is good. but sound quality is not good as expected
samsung M20 network issue same sim same network other phone working properly but samsung M20 phone doesn't working . I got bad phone ...
This phone is not be good because battery backup are very poor and heating problem
worst series by samsung...All the M series phones are worst...they gets heated very quickly...very
I dislike the features of camera.
Good
It is not water resistant even it is not splash proof. Water gets into the screen and now phone screen works crazy.
When my product will get replaced i received a defective product  Kindly let me know trying call since morning
Battery is good , selfie camera is good but downloading speed is slow than other phone having snapdragon processor.
 Hi....if you strongly want to waste your money then go for this phone.
Screen getting hanged  many times during call and other time. Upset and disappointed with  the product service
It is malfunctioning some times and old issue of hanging is still there. Why they are not improving for this issue?
Battery life also it's very less compared to the j series mobiles we can use up to 24 hours if we make once charged
Did not met my expectations Battery is poor Started hanging Auto rotating the screen when starting Google app
Phone is good but it hangs more when u play pubg...some time app doesnt open
Auto call recorder is not supported reply me please Can't support
Battery heating and low performances, fingers are getting pained after 30mins to 60mins of usage
Do not buy this phone. In a lesser price range u get better MI phones
Not good product
Bekar hai phone Or mere phone me problem thi fir bhi return nhi kar
Worst product ever i used..the screen freezed at the very second day.there is ghost touching problem.lot of hangings amd laging..worst product..dont bye it
Dont buy these is a waste and cheap product. the cam quality very poor in this price range
Battery was very poor .its taking 3 to 4 hours for full charge and will drain very quickly
better to buy note 7 pro
Camara quality are bad and face lock are not work properly back camera brack fiksals not zoom to 13mf 5 mf
Extremely poor camera, lcd quality is not good. Bluish tint over the screen. Performance is not up to mark
Phone got complaint on 2nd week  ,display freezing, ghoost touch and touch complaint. totally DISSATISFIED
Battery drain itself. At night 12 am if its 50% battery it will be 20% in the morning, on data off status.
It does hanged frequently without any excessive use of it and it does getheated while put it  in charging.
The quality of the camera is very very poor plz don't buy if u want good selfies... that's about the phone
Hellooo sir camera some time does not work. It is hanging. What could I do? Can I get another fresh piece?
Received a defective piece. Display issue faced after one month use. Please don't buy mobiles from Amazon.
If you are planning to buy this phone for playing PUBG so it's good for this game Overall good phone.
Heating issue while charging and also using it poor camera quality don't buy this phone
I had network problem.. Shows very poor network.
Ok
Gud
sir, I gone through the cell m20 the touch screen is not fast and back light of the cell is low as compared to other cells
Ok , less sound clarity
Not good phone.. becz this phone was many problems like netwark was suddenly out in my phone... and software was wark bad...
Camera is not that much good its ok ok.... should have gone for mi pro6.bakwas it's jack is not working suddenly stopped working
photos are also not good for this models i will also return back but not given the return policy
Picture clarity is not there and the video stop buttons works after sometime when clicked
Phone is heating while using unnecessarily
Amazon fraud.... Not provide cashback. Don't purchased Amazon app.
Waste of Money, any other cheaper phone is 100 times better than this
No front flash charging is very slow
Front camara is very cheap. Phone processing is also very slow. Very cheap phone Dont buy this from amazon
Do buy , worst battery back, it's not fast charging,  its is taking 3 to 4 hours for full charging,  worst customer care
Pls do'nt buy this phone...it is a waste of money ..samsung always have phone hang problm...so phone is not gud on working
Screen broke in just 2 drop from very less height. Very fragile mobile in comparison to other samsung mobile.
Battery is much  long lasting and no heating issues, camera is much slow , but overall nice product  at this price
Such a bad one hangs a lot even if ...not used much. And phone does not gets charged it creates sound beap beap...
It works only four month.now many problems comes like charging issue and charger is not works . hanging its screen
Very slow processor. Good for only people watching tv and YouTube.
The product which has poor battery life and sucking charge immediately.Heating issues are there donf buy it anyway.
touch  smooth  nhi he  4 GB ram sirf name ke he original  me to 2 GB he he
Very slow, RAM is worst, hanging often, no screen shot option... Won't suggest this to anyone....
After two month net coverage slow down.........waste of money.....but Amazon services r very good
Rear camera are not satisfying Samsung.
Head not in box so this is cheating
Camera problem camera failed not wory
The touchscreen  is worse.it sometimes automatically types and sometimes doesn't type. I wish there is some way to fix it.
I like battery and I dislike  finger  print and face
Fingerprint reader is too slow Camera is avearge Battery life is good Touch is also not good
Bad Samsung product. Hangs a lot.
Heating problem. Face detection is very poor.
don't purchase
Ok
Mobile stop working in one month.
Hangs a lot. Processor is slow. If you are a heavy user, you will be irritated with the stalling of phone
Network problem is a big issue with this phone while other phone are providing good network in same area.
I am using the mobile from last 3 month. Observation : Camera : poor Batter life : Average
Finger print scanner not working if finger is little inclined, sound quality is bad, have heating problem
Battery life is good but fingerprint reader and face lock is not working good. And A phone sometime lake.
Average product, way behind redmi note 7
After using 12 days it is hanging continuously. & It's not compatible with any network for internet connectivity.such bad & worst experience.
Great phone from Samsung.
The phone's display is attractive but it's performance is not good , processor is very slow and take lot of time to work
Plz don't take this mobile.... Worst performance.... Fast charging does not support.... Mobile will hang.... Playing games
Not so good
Not effective
Battery it's good but mobile performance are not good then camera quality average then mobile is average not good
Phone is bad
This phone is not working properly heating  issues and call connectivity  problem  overall not gud waste of money..
Good
MI's phones are better than this
Camera becomes slow motion sometimes and become fast forward sometimes. Not satisfactory
The battery status after 1 month performance is very weak. Hardly lasting for 10 hours only. Seems it doesn't have 5000 mAh.
Phone Slow down in 2 month.. app are taking forever to load.. Pathetic SAMSUNG..
This is the worst mobile phone konna koddi rojulake charge avvaledu and phone charging kanisam 2 hours kuda ravatledu better e phone konoddu.......
Battery charger not working properly. It takes 8 hours to battery full charge. I think charger is defective.
I bought this mobile mainly considering Battery capacity..It is constantly heated up and very poor battery life..
Finger printer reader was slow and it front camera was back quality and it battery dry fast between others mobile
Battery life is great!! Display and functionalities are good . But fingerprint sensor not working after 6 months.
Display not working and need to be repair from service center within a 3 months of purchase.  Such a bad product.
Block call from unknown no is not working, before this I was using redme note 3 and it was working on that mobile
After 4 months of usage.... Poor camera quality Touch is also not good Battery life also poor.....
i bought this phone one month before touch is not working properly. charging cable also get damage with a month .
Camera is worst Couldn't detect fingerprint easily No user friendly While using its getting heated
Worst product by Samsung.  Camara quality is very bad..  No battery backup..  Screen quality is worst..
Nice product
TFT screen in this phone. Worst Phone ever by Samsung. Can say worst series By samsung M series.
Good product
Very slow
Camera not satisfactory , touch usually not working,  usually  hanging problems
Hanging problem is there after 20 days hanging problem started not satisfied about performance.
Fingerprint scanner is not so good. I want to return that
The display has problem like, automatically touches it's own. Hanging problem, display problem has biggest in this model
The phone is not good, samsung mobile is one of the worst mobile company
Very bad network coverage, unexpected.
Not that great compare to his opponent
High price compaire by Realme
Battery is draining very quickly, speaker sound  is very low, sometimes hangs showing black screen
Worest mobile display  poor Phone ded. Mother board problems Don't bay in samsung Mobiles
Now I have problem regarding sound ... It is automatically decrease its volume and I want to return this
Camera quality very poor and when we use earphone the volume decrease automatically disappointed samsung
I'm Basically Samsung lover but this time totally disappointed about M20. Camara quality not much good..
Its the worst for your money.
Not bad
Bakbaas phone only battery backup is nice baki sab bakbaas hai
When I bought it, I didn't get a case with phone
Good mobile with suitable price but sometimes get hanged.
Phone s good.good battery back up.camara quality is poor.
I boat 1 Month back.. new mobile facing lagging issue, touch sensitive not good. 5000 MAH battery backup drying very fast..
Disappointed by Samsung phone
Network issue in phone want to return
This is worst of the best, phone hangs every now then, can not run to application at a time, you can receive calls only when phone not in use.
Body isnt that impressive(plastic body) and fast charging is not efficient and gives random errors, cant say im satisfied.
All features are good but frant camera  is not take good selfie... I give only 1 star to Samsung m20
This mobile not catch good network l exprience very slow in net.
It has some heating issues. . . And the service also worst.. In this price better phones available.. but the camera gives some nice pics...
Very avg phone. Getting slow even for small updates and other installations
After 11 days stop the working of display  when  I go service phone not exchange this phone is repair
Worst phone ever had. The battery automatically discharges at night without using cell for 20% to 30%. Don't buy.
Looks good. Overall ok bt camera quality not good.
Useless product, camera is hopeless. Never purchase this item. Waste of money.
Fingerprint sometimes won't responds properly Battery was not much as show 5000mah
Galaxy m 20 better but...... 3000 mah like capacity so bad. Bettery powers weak why I don't understand........m 20 not stronger.. network poor
Phone is just ok not super performance...mi phones are way better in this range
Pathetic product no bill charging time maximum 8 hour and no customers care service number totally west of money
Mobile is good bt not giving 5 star because charging is very very poor...Can anyone help me to get a new charger
Camera are not so good  because then face detect when camera auto focus  before normal pic so depth are not good
It hangs all the time not able to use.. its just 2 months from purchase but not able to use please dont buy this
Too much hang problem, sometime network suddenly disappear for half an hour or more. I really disappointed.
The worst product I have ever purchased. It lags so much that I have to tap 5-6 times in order to answer a call.
The processor was a little bit slow,and the quality of the picture was not upto the mark..battery life was great
Hang problem maximum after 14 days charging point replace after 15 days change charger cable very bad experience
This product is very low in gaming and also low in normal performance sometimes.Poor front camera,good stickers.
Worst phone!!! Worst touch!!!  Touch respond automatically even without touching and sometime it stuck and not respond.
Don't like screen quality is very bad
Better to take Nokia 5.1+ . Battery and camera both are better in Nokia5.1+ as compared to M20.
Third class mobile phone Battery very bad Touch screen problems Network problems
Worst camera quality. I can’t replace that don’t buy this mobile and amazon not give a response
camera is not good and pone getting hanged while using mostly slippy mobile need to handle care
It's the worst mobile ever got from Samsung. Even after complaining they changed return policy.
Finger print reader is not faster... camera quality is dull over all, battery life is very good
not a good phone. It gets hang very frequently. not at all happy with purchase
Very bad speaker, not clear voice I want return but same is closed by Amazon... Totally unhappy with product
 Touch not work properly Secrach back side and  heating problem
Faulty mobile recived
Not too good .. not as expected
Gets hot on continuous use. Bit slow sometimes. Battery is awesome. Camera not too good.
The phone is slow and not recommended for power users . After 4 months of use the screen has problems .
Budget smartphone for this price Finger working slow but battery life very good camera is not good
I bought just almost week back... It hangs lot, touch is not responsive, heating issue in normal usage.
Charging issue
Very bad quality  of accessories  likes as charging adopter and cable.........useless & worst 2 month...😥😥😥😥
Not as expected
Camera and battery  is good but phone performance is ok. It's very slow
It's not supporting pubg game
Bakwas phone hai don't buy this phone
Gys don't by this product west of mony camera not good gameing to bad
Not so good
In this range better phone will also be available. So this phone is very ghatiya.
Made a mistake by spending 10000 rupees No screen protection. Super slow fingerprint sensor
It's battery getting too hot from 1st day of delivery..i m not happy with this handset
The worst phone I've ever used. No msgs mails on time even after full network internet
After one month my phone was getting hang and battery performance is poor. I have totally dissatisfied with Amazon and Samsung
Camera not so good, especially selfie Batt lasts a day n more if data is used moderately. Good build.
Dear samsung team, This phone is quite good but camera quality as compared to mi A2 is not up to the mark.
Average camera performance, good battery life, poor processor performance(not good for gaming), diplay is good.
wrost phone of name of brand Samsung seriously this is my mistake to order this phone is totally waste of money
I had j7prime so I thought it will be better but j7prime was better then this far better ..Only battery is good
There so many ads blinking on the screen everytime, finger print need to twice or thrice to unlock the device .
I want to exchange this mobile but we doesnt have a feature in amazon of this model m20.the phone is hanging up
camera quality is poor Display quality is very poor My m20 display was broken with in use of 2 months
Received a damaged product and asking me to visit the samsung service centre for replacement by paying INR 5000
Bakwas  product
Worst mobile network problem, finger sensor problem, voice problem not good mobile
Waste  of money  ,touch  not working good
all is well excepted Picture quality low.
Very good and best
Asusual samsung problem..Phone is hang and if you want study patience in your life go for it!!
Battery life is Good but it is produced heat more number of times. Auto brightness is not working properly.  Good camera quality
Ok
Battery is very low parfumans nothing like 5000 mah and body parts are not good
Except Selfy cam remaining features are superb...
Touch is not responding well....its bad
Battery though has turbo adapter gets heat very easily and not durable
The problem of software Mobile is not in working condition Repeatedly switch on and off automatically
The phone is hanging, finger print sensor is very very poor, screen touch also very poor,total failure
Waste mobile
Fone is not getting recharged quickly...it was so fast in the begining..but now it takes along time to get recharged.
No battery backup,Won't last for,1 eday Battery charging takes long Heat problem on call, Network issue
Waste this Samsung m20,it takes 6 hours full charging,and phone is al so heat quickly in taking the STPL seller is fake
Very good but Fingerprint reader very Slow Camera quality Good Battery So Bad Overall Good Product
Good product in this price segment
Better phones available at this price range in the market. Only thing good about this phone is its brand name.
Nice phone. Camera could have been better.
Worst phone in the world...  Kalank for the samsung
Quality of the product was bad, some scratches on the product. Looks like that refurbished one..
I purchase  this mobail last month Bahut hang hota he, and phone touch is very bed only battary is good
Nice budget phone
Build quality is soo pathetic, i just dropped my phone mistakenly from 2 feet n its screen broken from top yo bottom.
It's getting to heat very fastly... Touch not working properly
Not a good Samsung product. Built quality is very poor.
Good
Worst phone guys plz don't buy this
Mobile get gang,when i was start the phone ,its not good phone
It lags a lot, sometimes you can’t even receive incoming calls
Because of its fast charging capacity has created problem often.
Finger print sensor works very slowly need to access more time
Not a best fone. It stoped working after 3 months...complete waste of money and time.
Waste ptoduct. With in one year software damaged. Not abme to reload even googke apps
Charging issue is there.
The product doesnt have the Media player & after downloading the Music player, the effect was very bad quality
I only like the screen and performance of this phone but camera and battery sucks,but at this prize its good!!
Its working really well...but after 2 months some problembhappen with battery but it automatically corrects...
Screen is very weak and replacing the screen will cost you half of the phone cost. Worst experience ever!
This product charging problems  when the mobile charging device but battery could not charging loss the batter
I m requesting u to plzz change my charger its very slowly charging M not at all satisfied wd the charger
Nice phone in comparison of older versions of Samsung mobiles this M series phone is seriously very good Phone
I am really disappointed with the camera quality
I have choose 3 EMI in yash bank option but my billing amount reflected complete amount in bill why?
Automatically the handset getting switched off and not restarting for 1 hour.
This Model Mobil not qualify because some not responsible problem this mobile
its camara is very bad does not clear . its camara is like as 5000 phone rate
It's a flop device from Samsung, phone is gonna unlock with closed eyes and I don't know y it's taking 4 to 6 hrs to full charge
I am buy 17 july2019 new Mobile sensor,battery charging,hang complant not good products  Amazon 10 day not replace
* One of the worst camera phone Samsung  has released. * bad video  quality. * Battery  pack up is very  good.
Phone get heated by some low version games or continuous use some times it goes to Hang state
Waste of money
Sometimes the display stops sensing when i touch i need to off the screen then it becomes normal. Rest all is ok till now.
Very good
Suffering with window blinking not work properly don't waste your money very bad oppo and vivo much better then Samsung
Battery performance is undoubtedly excellent but the camera and fingerprint sensor are poor.
Some times it opens any app without any touch...it heats after playing pubg just for 10 min
Mobile is best for value of money. But kindly update the internet speed miter of other phone like us. and camera of slow motion. And update ther eyes closed face lock.
Do not buy  camera is not  good..battery  is good screen  is hard sometimes  two time touch then work
Speaker is defective and charging pin not working.amazon provided mobile checking but no one visited.
Worst smartphone. Worst Amazon policy no return policy even with in 7 days no return. Zero stars
My  first charger is not working.  Only showing charging.  But  no charge.  What I do please help now
Automatic typing it's very worst irritate me fingerprints not well camera average battery life  good.
Every time software update option is coming and phone is getting slow.i will not suggest. Dont buy it
Don't buy worst will find better phone in this price range, phone start lagging after 2 months
My phone not good so many times I am contact technical department, but did not solve my issue. Unsatisfied by this phone
Bad performance screen functioning automatically after 20 days and unlock device very late
It Is Little Bit Slow... Sometimes The Touch Is Not Working Well...
That's why i dont buy samsung
Worst phone lots of issues with the screen. Front camera very bad. Old Nokia phones had better camera.
Phone's processing speed very slow and much hanging problem . I want to replace it what's the procedure for the same.
Front camara is very poor and if you are selfi lover dont go for this product.I am only happy about the screen clarity
Battery is good speakers are good handy phone but sometimes when playing display gets stuck....  All over good
i am bought june-29-2019  proximate sensor not working after using 15 days. while talking, the screen not off.
Fingerprint is good, but camera is worst,display quality is also worst, totally disappointed😟 from m20
net speed through sim connection is extremely slow. there is problem with the set. disappointing............
Internet connectivity and camera very bad
Touch screen is too hard...ram also little bit weak
front camera picture quality is not good
Nice product great battery and display
As usual hanging problem for Samsung mobiles is there.
Waste service and product. I was purchased this mobile 2 days back it has a black patch in top of the display
Bakwas phone h camera quality is very bad.and performance is very poor .galti se bhi purchase mat krna
Battery draining even though in sleep mode , heating problem , charging takes 4 hours in given samsung charger.
Netwrk not working properly and process of replace & return is very bad Very bad phone dont buy this phone
Wired headphone has not been received.  And internet is very slow on this phone. It hangs very often.
Waste mobile from Samsung..it sucks every time... don't buy it...no value for money on this product
Waste of time and money  not upto standards. Issues with phone hanging screen freezing and not at all user friendly.
Fingerprint slow working Camera live photos are not good but battery life is to good but heating problem
This was a good one. It's camera is one of its best features apart from it all the functions are very helpful
Everything is good except the processor. It becomes really as the usage increases. But really worth the money
There is an issue with phone's software. 3rd party apps are working properly but system apps are not working.
Okay but not so good.
Overall phone is good but high end games doesn't work smoothly also phone heats up quickly also battery drains quite fast.
lags too much. screen touch stops working. randomly clicks every where by its own .. do not buy this
Expected the exterior to be more tough and durable, fingerprint reader is sometimes a headache to use, also the headphone Jack is not very trustworthy
I have received mobile and touch is not working.. Software function is not good... Touch problem and phone is very slow
Don't go for Samsung it lags and camera is worse
Not good phone to buy. Facing issue like unable to charge the phone after just 1month of use
This phone have big charging problems it take 5 hours to charge. Finally I returned it.
Fingerprint reader, facelock and camera quality very poor. Not upto the expectations, Battery quality is good.
Pathetic phone dont waste money on this device. As usual Samsung hang started after one month of use. Very slow phone
Sometime hang
Im dissatisfied  because not provide head phone its a branded product...
Phone's charging capability is worst and screen touch is more worst.
Battery is awesome. Camera and toch average. Some time it will hang.
With in a month,  battery not charging,  symbol come for moisture...
Phone is getting hanged in just 2 month ,, poor battery backup and charger also not working properly
very very wrost phone.  I buy this phone for talking purpose but unable to that due to hang problem.
The phone is slow as compared to the other Snapdragon processor mobile. Apart from that it is value for money.
Face recognition is not that much good and phone hangs most of the time...
The voice is not audible for the other person.Message setting does not work.Sound quality very unsatisfactory
Not satisfied with this phone worst finger censor , hanging problem , camera ....
Worst performance Display problem
Need to charge 3 times a day
Good display Bad camera Okok battery Not for gaming Overall good at this price range
Waste phone  is slow and hang
Fingerprint reader is slightly slower, camera is average but battery run-time is good
Just ok, not bad. Better to opt choice m30.
Freezes a lot. I would say try something else
Very poor product I am very disappointed
Phone is so slow.its hange problem
Battery backup &fast charging is good..camera quality just ok @ this price range ...
OTG is not supporting in this phone. Phone is not working Properly. Do not buy it from Amazone.
Highly disappointed phone.....Slow working,,Canara not good..sound output not good.....no value for money.
Just look is changed but software is still hang frequently. Pros: Battery Cons: Software, camera
Ok mobile,  not up to thestandard of hirh end mobiles
I  would like m20 display it very amazing..and over all performance  of phone Is good..in this price m20 is good phone..
The phone have some problem that in face unlock that is when we closed our eyes also the phone is unlocking.
It's only 3 months I bought  and now the charging plug is not working ,I want to solve this problem for me .
Online lo toh har products me problem ati he yeh liya wps isme bhi problem a gai screen apne ap move hoti he
3rd class phone hang a lot.. service center response is very poor. Hangs a lot. Very poor phone money waist.
EXCUISE ME SIR, MY PHONE IS DAMAGED..DUE TO FELL DOWN FROM STUDY CHAIR. SIR PLZ REQUEST TO REPLACE THE PHONE
As the phone is getting stucked day by day Also heating up immediately Very late response sensor..
Mobile back look no impresa thoda aur accha bna sakte the back look 10990 mai samsung kuch aesa hi dega
Not using the mobile submitted at service centre for lines problem not yet resolved, very bitter experience.
Thank you Amazon, but little hastle is that charge cable is very short, Samsung  have to take care about it,
phone is good, but not for pubg lover ..
Worst phone I ever bought... Can't hear that phone bell.... Problem with the mic...
After 1 month that's mobile automatically off when you put the charging but now battery backup is good
Worst product, too much heating mobile, some times I am swatch off my mobile because I am think its bloat my mobile.
Camera is very bad quality
Worst product
Don't  buy  1 time replacement but same problem new mobile what doing
Face reader is poor... Finger print sensors does not work every time..
Not for good security systems, processor is slow,battery life is very best.
Because I got defective piece not from samsung and also logistics are worst
All things are good but very- very-very-very-very heavy phone so I used it only for one day
Battery Backup too poor one day not standby & Face sensor and automatic sensor is also week
Here's to much heating problem.
Good
Mobile is getting very hot after using only 10 mnts. Battery is behaving like 3000 mah.
Hanging problem. keyboard automatically gets started. front cameras clarity is diminishing.
Not even one month have passed I purchased the phone is started hanging & the quality of audio speakers are not good
Need to Improve quality of mobile
After 1 month of uses phone is hanging. This phone is worst phone ever.. Don't buy this product.
Hanging problems to much also little hot problems.......I'm not satisfied with this mobile touch slow........
Low senssor finger print, bad quality camera, battery draining fast
Didn't met my expectations
Pure battery life of this phone..camera is average....  I don't think it is 5000 mh battery...
it is a beast way to buy for normal user. It is not a premium phone. It is a light phone.
Waste of money many Samsung apps are not supporting like Samsung Music Samsung pass and Samsung pay
After using for 25 mins...phone will become more heat. Full heating issue with m20. All most like iron box.🙆‍♀️🤦‍♂️
Hanging problm touch also not work well
Not a very Good phone.  Screen is sometime more and sometime less sensitive.screen problems and lots more inner problems
Worth less totally wrost.
All over the product is good... little bit of lagging I face in normal use....
Picture quality is good sound is worst battery is good finger lock is take long time to open
Low power
Image quality is decent, not that great.
horrible phone with huge performance issue terribly slow
Use less camara
Too much worest mobile I never used before unlock,fringer and face scanner not at all in good total waste of mobile
Battery  Backup Is Good
Other than screen nothing is good with this device... they are just trying to fool Indian people.
FingerPrint Reader is Excellent, Camera Quality It's Very Poor, Battery Life Is Like a Just 3000, Over all M 20 Mobile is West.
Poor battery life.. phone keeps hanging
Battery performance not 5000mh only 3000 mh
Frustrated with this phone Touch is not responding only after 15 days. Don't buy.
One star is also waste. Too much heating while using Connectivity is too worst
Product Samsung M20 having network issue.....pathetic product,money waste product.....not support by amazon
Waste phone...my phone is hanging
Battery life is very low Fast charging is not working Over heating Media Speaker is very low
Since feb.19 using this phone, battery life very good, camera and others good but i felt speed is not good.
so bad and delivery boy talking way is so bad!!filpkart is best from amazon!so plz do not buy for this!🙏🏼
Phone is pretty awesome, But it doesn't have AI front camera & unable to register more than 3 fingerprints.
The phone was faulty and did not work. Awaiting technician visit today. Wanted to return but I was refused.
Very very poor display quality glass so bad that you can see in the image Just a drop and display dead
I buy this product on feb month only two months i’m Using having issue on display ..worst ever product I have seen before...
Touch is not very smooth & some time you unable to pic call as it hang in between.
Samsung has a brand is reliable. Device is sleek. But display is not so attractive
Camera quality is not upto the mark. Company Needs to improve camera quality.
Just after the launch they launch m30.
Good phone for the value charged. Very happy with the deal.
Very low quality of camera better quality of available in market don't buy
Good branded and Charing are slowly ,phone look are grate , worth of money
Other company vivo and redmi - Nokia Provide buyers headphone  but not Provide Samsung Galaxy m20  bigger company
Camera not good .System also slow
Vry bad Camara quality. Touch not work properly. And hang this phone don't buy this  phone
Rear camera especially wide angle camera is very bad. Also I'm facing Ghost touch problem on this device.
Not good always hang wastes of money. MI is better than this . Not charging fast
Good
Camera is not good ,if camera is your priority than don't buy ,good thing is only big battery
Mobile picture quality is not good, its look like a chinese mobile display.
Finger print reader is not proper and phone is very slow processing
Very bad camera quality
Internet connectivity very low in low network areas.
Not good to use & waste of money
Disappointed with the camera. when i take a selfie color is so weird sometimes too bright or dark.
samsung m20 mobile worst mobile in my carrier. please note that hereafter DON'T BUY SAMSUNG MOBILE
Poor camera quality in low light, fingerprint scanner quit good, battery life ok not very powerful
Worst phone ever. Battery life is very low. Most of time camera captures blurry. Finger is too far
2G reception quality is very poor, as usual in All Samsung mobilrs
It's 3rd quality products I am disagree with this. now i want that any samsung person visit to me for checking network because network is so week
Yeah mobile lena aur gu khana aki bat hai.. faltu mobile..  waste of money
Nice
Process is very slow response and hanging when we compare to honer signal receiving (tower)capacity is very less to jai users
Picture quality not good in low light.
Battery life is very poor. Sometime mobile is fully charged with 2 hours. Sometime mobile is fully charged long time.
😁
This mobile device has not good camera bothe rear and back sides. Battery is limited ok
Don't connect with network properly , so much network issue , Network bandwidth too much poor
Signal not chack properly
Memory card slot not yet all working , for the same amount other brands like Asus, honour, Redmi is worthy
It has poor brightness and seems a bit slow at times .. the main problem is that the screen gets very dull
I dislike battery backup and charger it is not supported to pubji don't bye please go with another company
Not good enough to purchase in Rs 10000  range... some other and better mobile is available in this budget
Waste product microphone problem and voice also very low one ring and call disconnect, one star also waste
Phone's battery life & display is very good. Camera quality is poor....Ram management is not so good.
After half hour unlocking process not good like button or fingerprint it not work properly takes some time
Worst product don't buy it. It has been 1 month since I bought this phone it is being stuck while running.
Battery is good but Camera is not as expected and finger print sensor is not good sometimes it not worked.
After updating pie version of android, The android one UI keep stopping, even receiving call also big task
This phone system very slow hang problems show a very time not a good phone
Full hanging mobile.waste of buying.donot buy any Samsung again.charging also not good.very waste mobile.
Very slow...we can get more features in this price range in other company mobile.
30 din use krne k bad  5000mh  battery  very bad 4gb ram h fir b pub g proper ni chalta hanging  problem
Very poor product battery getting heat up and no backup camera is very poor everything of the mobile is poor
After 3 month screen become white and speaker sound reduced falty product
Wrist product. Hangs a lot. Despite I never play or downloaded any games.
Sometimes times fingerprint sensors not work properly which results in death during PUBG.
Samsung is getting popular for hanging. This phone sucks. Bad decision to buy this phone.
Ok
Battery life is good
Camera picture quality is not good compared to oppo a3s having almost similar config..and cost .
fingure print mistake and some screen toch problem
Bulkul baswaas very slow mobile.  Hang again and again  and again.  Not but it money waste mobile
Poor screen quality. Not sharp and fragile. Just paid 5k to get one replaced
great cheaper mobile
Heating mobile and hanging mobile. app lock not available and call recording also no
So dumb !!!!don't buy speacker problem when some one calling or you called some one not get proper noise of caller
There is problem while talking  nobody can here my voice and battery backup also not good help me return
Third class phone acute problem in mobile data connectivity its 2nd time I am facing same problem
I bought it 8 months ago Not at all good.  Cant use properly as it is 'hang'sung. I lost my money
Touch and scroll problem occurs frequently my phone is not even one month's old.... it hangs also
Value for money. Only super amoled display is missing
This m20 samsung hanged  after use by two hours.i am very hopless today.what can i do now please told me solution.
So far it's good. Only one problem I face front camera not that much good. Back camera is very nice
Product everything  is good but the issue is few times it will restart automatically...
This product touch display not working properly and samsung hanging problem always with product
Quality and performance was not so good
Sorry  this item is  very  looking  but not battery backup  and proximity  sensor  not working  .sometimes  ganking
Worst phone which is having poor network connectivity heating abnormally sometimes
Battery capacity is bad. Over heating
Product came with a deflected screen.
Good.. But hang after using 6month Have to restart to fix the problem
Samsung is on right track
Very poor phone don't buy it  they so many sevral issue . And amazon dont give support in condition .
It's mentioned Samsung exynos 7904 in Amazon technical specifications and in real time it's exynos 7885 ???
Faulty in screen and does not work properly
Very bad quality total wast of money. 5000 mah battary is jz for name. 3th class camera quality
While I'm getting the phone call will hang for some time.
I am using this mobile from last one month , now I am not received OTP and messages . Kindly suggest
It is a defective product , it not sufficient working,  it's Hanging problem, please replace other model,
Very bad phone I buy the phone after one week display blanked then no guarantee no warrantee Wt I do
I am going to exchange this just within 6 months. It hangs like anything and makes it frustrating to use.
Not too good. Touch screen not working properly. You have to push again and again some time. Often hangs.
Internal display wàs disfunctional within 3 months of purchase. This was not even covered under warranty.
It's used for only common people. It is not used for highly used persons. Don't have highly used options.
Worst phone ever in price category...
Network problems. Have to restart the phone daily to make sim work.
defected handset SEREEN touch mot working. i complaît at Amazon no résponse.  ans Samsung gallary Also not accepting
Very bad phone
Face recognition Quality is too weak. Camera is preety good and Quality is batter
Battery back up is good.. but speaker volume is  too bad. like I use Samsung  guru mobile
response after 45 days of use -Guys Look for a different phone if spending 13000
Very slow phone. The process is very bad Please don't purchase this product
Eveey time i open the lock screen it shows irritating ads
Awesome phone.
No notification light in this phone Camera quality is average in day light Keyboad get hang while typing
Hangs all the times
Just an average phone just like its average pricing...screen is very bad...changed the folder twice in 6 months...
Good device
Mask app is not available. S Bike mode is not supported. Battery is not seems 5000 mAh capacity.
Mobile is defected and its not working properly it has hanging problem and camera is not working
It's worst mobile. It's Camara start malfunctioning after one month. And hanging problem occurs.
Battery takes too much time to charge camera clarity is also not good also BUBG doesn't run fine
Mic and speaker phone is not working properly since day one. Amazon refused to replace the unit.
Broken display in 1 month. Good battery life. Not much expected.
litterly bad.. not worth using. customercare is also not helping
phone was hanging heavyylyy
I purchased 6months back, Touch is not working now, mobile is getting hang. Plz plz request you to not to waste money on this.
Average mobile. Slow internet.
Worst product , gets hanged , Network coverage compare to others brands it's too less .. very bad ,
Phone have some manufacturing defect
Everything is good but it has present  hanging  problem  and his camera is not good .picture quality is lower than the low.
It's ok
We didn't like this product, we want to return it because of speaker problem. We faced this problem since 10 days.
Looks battry r gud but processer r slow gaming aslo gud bt not best wifi range prb it my 1 month review gud product ovel all
In Samsung m20 have lack of many things Plz improve the quality Then again launch it.
Very slow & Laggy. Face unlock is just for name
Front camera quality is worse at night try to take pictures many times but very bad.. overall mob is gud
I got defected product Battry is draing so fast Phone hangs too much I want my money back
Amazon give dublicat  charger  description  wrongly this not charging fast too slwo  very bed experience
Good product but camera quality is such a waste, expected too much bcoz it's a Samsung product but waste
Phone is not good guys dont waste ur money the phn is got hanged figerprint sensor also nt work properly
There is no earphone cord as well as the charging cord is very short. Hence the same may kindly supplied
I don't know why the touch stops working  in between .. and I am observing  this from 1 week of purchase
The Same problem is not be charged and moisture  repeatedly in the same month and the camera is too much
Phone is getting hang, unable to perform any thing. Cannot restart the phone either. Bad Experience
The display is giving many problems and it is not stable . The display has been malfunctioning since yesterday
Except camera everything is in budget range camera is poor
Screen quality is bad overall fine fine only
Disappointed by camera quality and nothing is given along with charger and phone no tpu case also
Mobile performance is ok. Material of mobile is so so. Not like other Samsung mobile.
very des pointed
Normal quantity
Finger print sensor is not so good. It is not quickly recognized the finger. Battery working as 4000mah.
already used by someone else, good battery life, front cam not upto expectation
Fack Amazon worst Amazon lofear sulennamakklu Kannada  English nali fack Amazon
Okay, specs are good for people older than 50 years of age. Not for youngsters.
not very good
Not a good mobile Disturbing start two or three days Google play store not to be work  for download apps
Not good
Poor quality
Finger print so good. Silfie camera not worth 8mp. Battary life awaysome. It having only 64GB ROM  not  4GB RAM. But out look ok.
Not good
Verygood
Offer are good, however most products come faulty such was the case with this purchase.
Not a good phone.because battery life,processor and touch screen. Pleasenot but anyone.
Average product some features are missing battery life is very good over all I liked it
just a good phone not a goodest
Cheap Quality. Cheap Mobile.
After update phone is hanging so many times its irritate
The worst mobile which i had used in my life..every minute it hangs ...
Badly dislike it. Very poor performance. Many apps not working properly. Audio quality is poor. Worse buy.
Wrost product Its not 5000 mah battry backup And its not 4 gb ram performance 👎👎👎👎👎👎
the build quality is very low.the body shape is very bad.the camera is very bad.redmi note 6 pro is better.traped
The glass broken when fall from my pocket The change of new glass cost approx 5000
Incoming and outgoing calls takes time to answer or dail. Sometimes it hangs
Just a basic phone overheating power button not working within 2months Slow /hanging always stay away from M series phones
Product is not working and Amazon is not helping. I am trying to return but option not showing.
Don't buy in amazon they are saying no interest on emi and charging a huge amount  in your bill
Wrost Product  Camera quality was very poor And performance also not enough Good
Performance is poor. Video calls lag. You can feel slowness when operating the phone. Not happy
I have taken this mobile just before 2 weeks ..its getting hang....please dont prefer and dont waste your money
Fastclass
Ok ok
Fully heated does not work.....properly.......defective model
Battery lasts hardly 8 hours after 100% full charge from day 1.
Sound quality is very bad. I need to use ear plugs all the time
Its good In RAM based performance but ,very poor in rest of the features  ,and  especially  touch having  probs
Finger print not working some times
Camera quality is very poor
Lags and hangs a lot..
This product is not sufficient Hangs up again and again
Worst product
The overall quality of the phone is very bad The touch doesn't work The screen is of a very poor quality
product gone dead in 3rd day and now restarting again and again appx 4 times in a day require to restart
I want copy of invoice
Touchscreen not working properly...
It doesn't work properly worst product and return policy is for only 10 days but they mentioned 30 days
Waste of Money. Charger NOT working after 6month use. Not expected from Samsung for such cheap product.
The phone is only 6-7 months and it hangs like any samsung phone. The battery is not even charging now.
Mobile looks good but battery life is avg...not only this model all samsung mobiles battery is not good
One of the worst phone i got by amazon. Very first day it starts lagging and screen becomes blank.
This product so bad money vest im not satisfied no earphone in this  product  see this photo not a good
Very very bad experiences because phone is hanging... not good quality phone value of money is very bad
Some times voice is not clear ,I was expecting better from Samsung. Office app is not working properly.
Battery is getting heated extremely and phone has completely shut down only after 6 months of purchase.
Worst phone for the price range don't waste your money if you ignore then you will realize your mistake
Recieved faulty product. Display is way more dull then even my 3 year old xolo and other Samsung phone.
Product was not working
Camera performance is average
Was happy on getting my 1st new phone but now disappointed ..   Questioning my self y I bought this mobile.😑
Bad
M 20 is bad Camera quality bad hange problem is  high Koi mat lo is phone ko 😡😡😡😡👎👎👎👎
Finger print is slow, touch is not good, camera is poor
Hangs a bit camera not upto the mark battery awsome finger print scanner great
After 10 minutes of gaming show notification of over heating. Lame camera
Very bad smartphone I ever used, hangs on every 10 min and sometimes starts applications automatically
I'm very sad this phone one letter type a more enter words
Worst product from Samsung And not satisfied with the services rendered by Amazon
Worst product ever I have purchased from Amazon. They cheat me in the name of Samsung.
exel file, ms word file etc are nor working smoothly, very often screen is going still
Average
Samsung Galaxy M20 don't buy this phone very worst phone over hanging problem and automatically Operating phone
FINGER PRINT NOT WORKING PROPER , TOUCH QUALITY  IS NOT GOOD, PROXIMITY SENSOR NOT WORKING, CALL IS AUTO CUT
network issue,sound problem
Time to Delivery but Box Handset not available
I am not happy with this model,  processing is very slow,  it is taking huge time for download
Totally wastage of money not upto the mark. Not expected this from leading mobile company
Phone looks great but lags on finger print accuracy and camera is average not as Samsung class
Battery soooperrr Cameraa worsttttttt For camera don't buy this mobile Hated it
Ghatiya
Battery life not ok. Camera is normal Fingerprint works normal Weight are heavy Mobile phone networks poor
Clarity is not as expected and the touch is not as good  when compared to my previous mobile
Okay but not good
Good but display low quality
3rd class mobile, fuddy ban diye mera, m consumer court jaunga
Very poor phone Amazon also doing some wrong activity with product. Amazon send defective product.
The phone is a basic suff. If you play around with it too much, it will freeze.
Display touch sometimes stop working and resume working after 5 seconds and performs all touch which were done.
Face unlock is slow, fingerprint slow, camera quality low, only the display is excellent and mobile looks good
Battery backup is good but phone is getting too hot while charging, which is very scary
Front camera
Hang problem
Hang or lag device performance is very slow out of expectation
It's more time to take full charging. It's some time not able to fast charging support
My screen is flickering, touch screen gets stuck. Advice what to do. I purchased it online during 2019
Not to much older but starts hanging problem , screen touch system takes long time for any activity...
The battery of the phone is ultimate . The camera is good but not competitive .Overall phone is good .
This a good phone with great battery life,good camera,good display overall it is a gud phone for 12000
Mobile getting more heat while using 10min Mobile hanging Customer not given proper solution
Its battery back up is excellent and screen touch is very smooth and camera quality is also very good.
I bought this mobile 4 months back but mobile is stucked lot of times in a hour very bad performance .
I have recieved the product with tampered box and also the seal is broken. You can see from the image.
Battery backup is worst I bought this mobile for battery life but no use even one day also not running
Call voice is very low....need to keep ear phone...or need to keep speaker on..rest everything is fine
Very poor , heating problem. Charging problem,  taking very long time to charger. Camera quality poor.
Heating problem at higher side. Please do not buy. Not charging sometime. Example 1% for an hour time.
Heating problem while playing game
Phone is hanging. Battery charging is not good after few days buying. finger password not working to good.
Brightness issues, so heavy, OS is not upto mark, slow processing of sensors, not fit on eyes, bady affect eyes
Thu dabba mobile network rich agalla thumba slow weast of money I am not satisfied network problem
Faltu charging khrab
Phone display is not working Touch is not working from last 2 days Please inform what to do ?
A good battery life phone then the camera is very bad and also the fingerprint
Very slow working phone. And frustrated by the auto emergency calling to 112.
Some good features like secure folder missing. Not a satisfactory performence
don’t go for this one.. it takes an hour just to charge 8%.. waste of money..
This smartphone is worst becose it goes not in working condition last 1 month
I am using this mobile from one month ,this mobile has slow operating system.
there is some software glitch it just keeps on "popup" "error in application"
Don't by this product i. Camera is very bad. Phone is getting Hanging .Touch stop working  after one month.
Bulky and heavy. Fingerprint doesnot work fast.
Display is not up to mark,camera is poor and phone heating  problem at the time of surfing and charging
Mobile phone not charging when Off condition, and also vibrates when plugged to the charger.
One drop on a carpeted surface from waist height and the screen shatters into pieces.
i am purchased this mobile phone particular vodafone network not received this device
I didn’t like the product Network reception is very poor Phone is very slow
Charging problem. Frequently appearing message like moisture in your charging socket.
Good budget phone. Have some heating issues. Although product is good
Camera quality snd finger print reader is a nightmare.
Good but it could have been better
Waste of money
Mobile is not working properly. Mobile is hanged. Camera not good. Mobile overweight.mobile is disaster..
Charger is duplicate
Face recognition is not satisfactory at all. And it lags a bit too. Better go for Asus phones of this range.
This handset performance is not good  and more heat while talk to other person on voice call.
Touch response is below average. Processing is poor. Hanging problem without heavy apps.
It's process is slow and camera also notworking properly and start hanging within two months.
No have any wow factors....I m not happy for network catching power capacity. It's very poor.
Very poor cam quality. Good battery backup. Performance is just okey for this price
Worst phone ever Not good phone Just using social app it gets heat up. Sorry i have to return it.
USB not supported cameras qualities good this mobile first and last problem USB pen drive not supported
just after 1 week charger damage 😡😡👎👎👎👎
5000mAh battery not upto the mark
Waste product with in one month the charger was fully damaged
There is a lag observed in between switchover.rest all are om
Mobile is not bad best mobile the dead mobile phone battery charger is local quality
Iam like & good product....
Pros - Nothing Cons - Everything U don't want 0 Star For Everything . Need Replacement
In running Mobile is getting switch off and not yet on ,very bad and poor brand don't buy ......!!!!!
We order Samsung galaxy m 20 phone but I received it we have a simple charger cable not type C cable.
Finger print sensor not working properly and camera quality  is not very good in night and low light.
Phone is hanging video lags and display is blackened at times, battery is not much longer as promised
I oddered and gifted to my mom .today she start and we know phone have voice problam .nver buy online
It is just few days and my phone is started getting heat and hang Feeling said mistake to choose
Battery life is good , But camera and fingerprint sensor not so satisfying Under this price
Not worthy... I regret I bought Samsung even after using mi phone . Touch is worst. It's very sticky.
Screen damaged due over heating while charging. Is this company responsibility to repair this problem
Blue tooth not working properly and unable to download youtube videos and it is better not to buy M20
Heating problem. Very slowl ...
My 4 months old phone hang frequently.. The touch sensitivity is very bad.. It's become very slow and reboot several times in a day..
Worst smartphone i ever bought...
Camera is not good.
the mobile is not charging and i asked for replacement but its almost 5 days but no confirmation message or any further instructions are given
the phone is charging very slowly since yesterday....can you please suggest how to get this problem sorted?
Finger sensor and camera quality not better I think this phone not make by samsung This is duplicate
Don't buy it because screen is very smooth. If it falls once you have to buy new one
Its been a month since i have purchased this and its already dead and its turning on
Touch problem & very slow mobile and worst mobile only one plus point battery backup
Hanging issues Third class camera quality
Not better touch slow working
very bad product every time mosture detect and very slow performance
very bad
Network capacity is very poor and net speed is very slow then other phn with same network sim
Never buy this one as it starts hanging even before 2 weeks. I wasted money on this product.
My battery is fully dead in 10 month In between 10 moth phone is 2 time keep in gallery
Waste of money.. Signal strength very poor
Do not buy this device it is not along with fast charger
The touch screen of the phone is not working properly after the latest update. And the phone has hanging issues.
Don't buy this product. Phone is not charging after 27 days. Totaly worst battery life also.
Very bad mobile
Good phone
Network  prblm signal capturing
Touch is not working properly.  Network catching problem do persist.
Memory card slot not work properly. Purchase on 15 july still not replace till 27 july .
Samsung m20 is very bad mobile. Charging problem is increasing at 30 percent in 3 hours
Very nice
Very nice
Phone gets hanged and it gets heated up.
This is very good mobile
Display is not as per expectation Clearity issue Not liking the touch. Only good part is battery
Not good. Bad in performance. I bought it and now i am going to replace it. Operating system hanged.
this product is great at low price...battery is great...but TFT display and low quality finger print
Worsted phone in Mseries. Phone actually hangs, display is not visible in sun.. rather it goes dark.
Device playing with network sometime is shows no network and sometime it shows sim card not register
On of the powerful mobile in this era.Great performance all about. Fingerprint sensors slightly slow
I don't like, other people please don't west your money in Amazon shop, not so good product delivery
This product speaker is not working properly, we are getting disturbance when we getting bathe call.
It lags too much. And it has not completed even 3 months.i need to return this mobile or exchange it
Phone doesn’t function up to the mark and sometimes it hangs up and not a best choice in my opinion.
Facing too much network issue in this mobile... i m frustrated to this mobile. Please don't buy M20.
Camera is poor. Performance is average. USP of this phone are battery & display. Choose accordingly.
Samsung original head phone not received with package and charger and USB cable seems like duplicate
Processor is very slow. Internet not work fast in this phone. I am not satisfied to take this phone.
Very bad mobile.. not working well... Touch is not working..  display is not working... What to do.?
If  you are for camera phone than its not the perfect choice other than that phone works really well
Camera quality bad
Dont expect too much from samsung at this price
Not good phone is hanging and phone is slow
Mobile often hangs
Screen works automatically
👎👎👎👎👎
I am suffer for setup Google play error.please resolved as soon as possible
De ram management in this fone is bad. Can't play pubg or apps start crash.
Dont buy this not good  Realme is way better for tjis price range
Front camera is not good, fingerprint lock not properly work, sometimes touch screen not work proper,
With in one week I bought this product, screen failed. I want Amazon to help me in solving the issue
Received 2 weeks back n not working.....low quality or maybe defected product......
Not satisfied with the mobile because every time there is voice break during calls.
Too worst phone, hardware problems. Screen getting so much heat and touch automatically pressing. And some times completely dead.
In this phone some part of screen is not work proper .Sensor of that particular part is completely fail
Not happy with this product.  Facing speaker issue,  Network issue.
I dislike this product because volume poor fingerprint not perfect battery life also just ok
Front camera is worst . It's  like  jio phone front cam.  Back camera is quite good but not perfect!
M20 battery backup fine , but net processing speed is not good . I am change the sim card but problem is not resolve .
Good
Good
Phone m30 voices not all clear i suggest that there is no resale value for the phone in amazon atleast
Fingerprint options are less,face unlock options are less,camera clarity not some much good
Processor is slow even my phone is new, selfie camera is worst. Not recommended to buy
Mobile having having problem after 15 days of purchase... Worst mobile that i had purchased
So many update queries mostly update of software's and so it's quiet good to use and handle
Battery is best the phone screen get damge in just 15 days now thet are asking for 6000 for
Finger print reader not working properly, Too much heat and my hands are heated while using
Selfie camera very poor
Defective product was sent , after unboxing I noticed that left side of the screen was coming out
not a good phone m20 , screen damaged simply and camera quality not good , focus not good , speed not good ,
Dont buy this mobile. having lot of problems like touch issue, voice call not clear, performance too slow.
lots of trouble in software.....i have to sell it in loss of 2000 rs after 8 days....maha bakwas software...
Camera quality not good ,also comes many times hanging problems.and network strength very weak other than Mobile.
This phone is working slow then other phones And proximity sensor is not working
good
Very good
Hanging is most famous for Samsung....
Not downloading WhatsApp app , shareit app. I faced problems in downloading so please support.
Worst screen. Drop from my hand from just 1 feet above and my screen broked. Worst screen
Overall experience is good except the fast charging and battery life.. medium budget and brand name
Worst experience with Samsung M20. The touch and battery spoilt in just 4 months of using the phone
Touch screen not working well. It stopped sometimes, and after touching 3/4 times it working again.
Camara not work properly ask For Restart Again And Again. Fingerprint Sensor also not so Good.
Samsung M20 is a best smartphone. Its fingerprint reader, camera quality and battery life are good.
I haven't get headphones to this mobile this is a one of negative this... Otherwise it is good
Mobile functions is ok very good but camera options very very worst, oppo is very clarity functions
Not work better .....   processor is not work better its Snapdragan 625 compair to low quality
Don't buy this products Not camera proper work Note fast changing Total fake product
Hangs every now n then. Very slow. Finger print reacts very late. Many apps of play store dont work
Dislikes. Camera quality is 00. Hanging problem in case of Pubg. All others are good
selfi cam just like vga. hunging problem. over than poor quality. this is only name.
It's a good phone to use but I got the phone in a broken box.
Poor screen, it damage normal use battery is efflorescence. Worst product
Bad product.. Am using 2 month Heating issue is very hard Processor very 3rd class
Heat up problem while surfing and calling plus got different charger
As usual Samsung hang issue still specially this product. Tuch is not working properly. Worst handset
 Samsung m20 mobile full of hanging,i want replace a new mobile
I never suggest  to buy this product ..phone is so much  hanging  problem..
BATTERY IS GOOD BUT CAMERA IS NOT VERY GOOD PLEASE DONT BUY
Call dropped, toch is slow
After 10 day of purchasing charging port has been stopped working. Really very disappointed.
screen touch not comfortable & ear phone gripping also not comfortable....
Hang and Heat problem Don't Buy
Product is not good, very slow hanging we need to restart when mobile is getting slow.
Only one year life. Then it will take its own time to load even if it's a 4gp ram.
The size is not same as given at website is 6.3 Inch. But in physical is 5.8 Inch.
Wrust phone ever plz don't but i'm facing so many issue in this phone touch problems and heating too much
There should be a case in this packet and there was also no screen guard. My order did not come with cashback.
low
Screen touch is not good I can't pick up incoming calls in one try
No resale valave.... still it is not included in the exchange list
Bad phone heating problem.fasf charge atomatic stop.screen blinking
Some what ok
Satisfying  only with the screen, other than that all are worst.. Camera is very worst..
Not worth for Money
Phone started getting hang within 2months of purchase. Please don't waste your money here.
Display was not good. And software also bad Samsung is not doing grate bye this products..
Internet running very slow as compare to other mobile on same net pack plan, same sim card
Both camera is not so good as expected... Performance and design wise is it's good...
its not upto expectation
Nit good
Very nice phone and very good quality
Waste products
Overall not satisfy with this specification. Camera very bad quality. And processor not support pubg.
Jaisa socha tha vaisa nahi Samsung M20,Both Cameras is not good, only look is good and c type charger
Item was Not working correctly some times facing Network issues customer care was not responding correctly
Bad
camera  not good  and  charging speed also  slow. i  am  facing problem return phone.
Overall not good
Very worst phone. Cell not at all detecting networks. Getting heat immediately. Very disappointed.
Camera wrost Network contiviti not good Other phone network full and m20 only one signal point
Overall it is good ,only there is a problem during hangup,kindly suggest somthing to this problem.
device start lags after a month of usage, processor is pretty basic, phone is ideal for old people
Good battery and camera quality, but there is  screen flickering issue after new software update!!
Battery heating problem. This phone is good but battery heating problem and draining quickly.
Battery & Speed - Very Good Camera - Very Bad Gaming for long time - Heating near camera
Wahiyaaat!! Started hanging in a week of usage. Gets hot easily if used continously for 3-4 hours.
Hopeless and it hangs up... some of the futures not responding... Battery and camera are fine
Battery is not as good as was expected. Charging speed is disgusting. Seems like 2000 mAh battery.
Camera quality not good and network signal poor
Horrible quality.. just within one month of time display not working and its not supported under warranty
Whatsapp and facebook are taking time to open . Even 3GB RAM mobile performance is good compare with M20
The display of samsung m20 got defective how can we replace mobile phone ..this is in guarantee period
Sound quality, battery are good but this phone is touch quality are not good because sometimes touch automatic proceed.
Very bad don’t buy this this very slow handset
Very worst camer in lowlights on this cost, better go with asus or moto one for better camer and battery
where phone is headphone ?
Waste of money Same range others band phone is better Hang also
Heating, hank and slow ploblems are fixed. Not isit good phone that expected and advicement
Very poor fingerprint scanner, slow speed. Slow wifi, slow blutooth, night camara not good.
Dialer and contacts doesn't work many times and hangs eventually please don't buy
The phone was supposed to be brand new, but is extending slow. Very disappointed.
In price best deal .....samsung camera is poor , hanging problem,
The speaker of the phone is not working.It seems the manufacturer don't check the phone which is put on sale.
The phone was awesome
Dislike
Heating issue .touch screen is slow.network issue with the mobile
Waste of money camera not good device is hanging very bad product
This is good quality in camera , fingerprint and battery life is good
Yesterday  i am purchased this mobile . Today mobile charger not working. Where i complaint this problem???
dislike
Too slow fingerprint reader, has issues with call.
Taking time to access on any app.  WhatsApp is working pathetic, ample of internet issues
Compare to readmi ease of use is not good. lot of good features not there as like readmi.
Software little bit disappointed.. More to improve picture quality 👎👎. Budget wise 👍👍
Ok
👍
Ok
Not a good phone,get hanged quiet often .Touch irresponsive many times. Very slow phone
good product
Very bad network
Battery is very good. Fingerprint scanner is fast. And camera is average. Exynos 7904 is very Poor prossesor.
Good. some features are not working.
Most faltu set h
Touch is not much sophisticated Seems like fake product
Samsung==hanging
Good phone
Not bad
Good
Completely worst phone, even doesn't support fast charge.
I am facing problem with M 20 ,which is not audible to others when in phone call.
Everything is gud but the camera is worse thanany other normal phone in this price list..... Dual camera isn't great enough!!.
Stopped working after 2 months
Heat problem
some times touch screen irritating..Not responding and automatically scrolling and selecting apps
worst phone in the world worst samsung waste phone worst worst 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮😡😡😡😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬
Excellent mobile i have never use this type of mobile.  Pls frds purchase this mobile fully worth
Battery got dead before completing one year... Need to replace in the warranty / garranty period.
Very worst phone ever I choosed. Camera is not worthy even for 2 MP.  I wasted my money
Display screen is not better...When screen gaurd press on display then seen scratchs on display..
Worst quality with in 5days it is not working.Hangout and in dead condition.Not able to switch on
one of the worst  phone launch by Samsung selfi,e camera like a VGA camera ..don't bye this phone
Seal.was broken should we returned it, as its clearly mentioned not to accept if seal is broken .
battery life is not so good, camera is dis-pointing, handling is good. Overall not worth it.
Very bad quality from samsung phone screen went off automatically and screen touch is not working
Very bad product
Battery life are best but camera facility so bad And advance features are not available in Samsung m 20
bakvaas fone h ye samsung ka sabse third class fone h display quality very poor and also hang on pubg game
very hard hiting problem Battery backup very bad Charging vary slow Sound not good
Signal reception is too worst...getting irritation continuously because of signal droping
Not good heat & hang
Signal problems
Very bad product, there is no basic function & ALSO Not handy phone, it's waist money. Don't buy
Over heating, fast charging not perform, some times hanging issue,
Looks good and betry perfomance also nice but android pie update is awesome
This phone is like any other mobile phones of Samsung. Worst experience.
Finger print added, but its not unlocking. Need to use pattern.
Only name Samsung
Phone is over heating
Not a good phone in this price range. Better phones are available for this price
Samsung send me detected piece. A small white spot on display. So disappointing.
Compared to other mobile phones its working very slow. Not worth for this price.
Ok
AT  LOW LIGHT FACE RECOGNITION NOT WORKING. Battery lasts only for a day.
Good but night portrait image not stabailiza
Charging is quite slow.It takes 7 hr to get charged. Rest I can give 4 out of 5.
it plays pubg on HD with High frame rate.. it started game very smoothly... but by the end it lagged so hard
Very bad product.... The phone did not switch on. Very bad product. Damaged product delivered by Samsung
Slow  as compared  to other chanies mobile
The phone is getting hung Not happy with the productn
Product is good but sometimes it may be heated or once it was not charging more than 50% for 2hrs
No good camera quality  also No good battery life
It is getting switch off often without any reason
Worst phone after ordering through online. Replaced screen but again having touch issues
Phone getting switched off. First month.updated. Again second month same issue
Phone heating more , hanging phone and also hanging phone, only 5-6 hour battery back up
System jam & heat , not suit ,
Thik h just kamchalau
Just ok phone
worst auto brightness & display quality
Worst phone. Worst delivery. Phone is defective and no proper return service from Amazon
This phone camera quality is very bad. But over all good. But I don't satisfy  with camara quality.
Heavy battery draining even when off It goes from 90-70 in half hour When not in use
Camera quality is too bad some times phone being Stucked really  dissatisfied with this phone, bad product
Face lock is so bad yr And phone working so slow very bad phone with this price
Once your phone M20 hang you can't easy remove your battery.. That's a big problem I faced.
Hi I purchased a m20 from you facing vibrating problems and auto zoom in issues please need help
Some issue at lock screen.. some unwanted ad and widgets on lock screen which are not removable.
Speaker problem and network problem too much if we go to service center no spare parts available
Battery life is good, fingerprint reader & camera  quality  nice over all this price best phone.
Heat issue. Even is we use it continuously for 10 minutes, there is a heat which is not bearable
Overall good but not as expected.. charger quality is very bad..  Not working in only 2 month...
Battery is not long lasting for charging it's taking lot of time instead of it has fast charging
Don't  support 4g LTE  camera is bad fingerprint sensor not work properly  screen  damage easily
It's good but phone heat will start in 15min Finger print reading is not matching sometimes
Some times response time become slow. You can say as hanging problem. Overall looking good.
Touch is not good at all.already replaced it once but still not satisfied with the touch quality
Worst product of Samsung which Amazon is seeling.glass damaged in 1 month.worst phone of Samsung
There is no provision of date & time showing in photos. & Very slow and hanging system
System hanging
First time Samsung launch very nice mobile but with it provide the headphones and mobile protective item.
Average
I didn't like the display as it is LCD display it's very delicate
Avrege
Demage product
Colour mistake
Very bad phone
Samsung M20 is not a worth Product to buy . Phone is heating very fast.
phone worked well in start month but lately phone touch isn't working properly.
Battery was awesome.... Quick response of finger print...... Camera was not bad
The phone is an average performer. Doesn't live up to the standards of Samsung.
Heated easily quickly. Don't waste money...
It's not good in this budget
Camera quality was not as per expected front camera is very bad
This product cannot came in Samsung brand
Don't purchase this mobile, mobile hanged
Touch is not responding some times and auto brightness is not working.Over all performance is good
Some time this all set problem is software or touch problem
Nice
Battery good
Very slow processor, very slow phone ,redmi phones are far better than Samsung phones .
Only reason for 3star is mobile looks like dabba
Slow as UI, net connectivity is poor in this phone. Battery is amazing.
Too worst plz Don't buy ...I already lost money spending on this waste phone  camera is really below avg
Worst
Fuddu h.. mat lena
Heating issue, Amazon will never help you!!
i have problem to my product. its work not properly, ita hangup again and again.
Just ok mobile..only for basic use
Very bad display had this mobile
Changing screen takes time,once calling no is selected, to show takes time,charging also not fast..
Camera quality is very poor.. Gud for parents 👍👌
Battery drains fast...1 hour=12% if used the whole time
It's ok mobile. but internet speed is very slow, compare to other Mobile. ok but not worthable 9999.
Fuddu Camera.. Display Touch Problem...  Slow Processing.. Fuddu speakers...  Fake FaceUnlock..
Please dont buy this phone. Fingerprint scsnner sucks. And battery is also not performing well.
Phone is worst.. camera is not good.. not worth buying.. Samsung again disappointed like always
Good battery life... Worst camera xperience. I think even the Chinese phones have more clarity.
Software is mind blowing, everything is good but fingerprint and face unlock are extremely slow
Its battery life is good and camera is also good but this phones hang and take time to open app
One of the worst phones from the worst company of the world, it would be great at a price of 4k
Samsung calls it charcoal black but its not that black. Its like light blue so i m disappointed
As usual samsung brand has kept it's legacy of phone hanging. So it's the same with this model.
Camera blur option not good. Battery life is good. Redmi note 5 pro is best than samsung m20
This phone freezes lot, I have just purchased  this a month ago and facing  lots of troubles.
Samsung makes a fool customers  to show atomic sound as well as battery  backup.
Good mobile phone But touch is to sensitive Network connectivity so weak overly Bakvas mobile
camera and fast charging both are so so..
Using it since a 22 days and Suddenly it got black screen, phone hung. Looking for support !!!
Battery life it is just running a day, camera is good on a half, but the phone is heating up so much.
It hangs several times. Not a good product for value of money.
Bad phone..... it's battery life is not that good and the phone charges very slowly
Battery life is too good, Back panel made by very low material and made scratches eaisly
Very Very Bad
Never buy this phone.
When mom complains about your mobile addiction so you buy her mobile and she gets addicted too... :D
This phone is showing display problem plz don't bye this model. i have purchased it a month ago.
Low light camera is very bad, hearing issue also. Battery is powerful,
Not as we can see in the video.  Bought it for our manager. Hes happy.
Good phone With Large battery backup sup.phone launch by Samsung Thnks Samsung
Overheating while charging and also pre-applied screen protector not available
It’s just 4 months and the display is gone. Help me with the replacement.
Not as expected. When compared similar range products
phone is getting hanged
Totally unsatisfied.. At first u have to stop hanging problem. Nothing best in this phone..
Poor battery life Phone heated quickly Mobile network is bad
Camera quality is poor
Waste of use... Dont buy... Amazon is doing wrong with customer
Dont
Face unlock very bad face unlock open all photos
Voice out put quqlity could be much better & also is bit heavy
The touch sensitivity is not up to the mark after month or two
Totally rubbish third class phone stop working after six month
Internet not working proper
Heating issue, processor speed very slow
Moisture in ur USB port error in display
I got two mobiles Samsung M20 both are not working properly hanging I can't return too
Very bad product..don't purchase. Screen doesn't work properly. Sometime hang also.
Worst  phone in my life
Very bad mobile money is waste full slow mobile
Always hang this phone Sistem is very slow
Good
Good
Bad phone, phone is hanging too much, phone is heating very quickly.
A poor quality of performance and very bad software optimizatiom. Samsung processer are very slow.
mobile are not working correctly or mobile senser  not working battery backup very low
Look wise good but build quality is not much super.fast charger is good
The mobile get heating while charging,call and data on. Battery power reduce with in 5 hours
Ghost touch problem samsung service center gys not responding properly. Finally am fully disApointed
Satisfied
Most disgusting phone ever...its been 3 mnths since i boughtthis product and its  not working.
Samsung produced very poor products.. my phone motherboard is burn-out within 20 day of buying
while talking its access heating, and Hanging also. If 6 GB RAM will hang means its gone case.
very very very very very worst mobile, Hanging problem Most of the time phone gets hanged
Not so good product.  This product has heating  issue if you are on call for more than 5 mins.
Within a 4 to 5 days this phone was dead, I think I have received rejected/refurbished product
This mobile me net ki speed baht Kum he or sim card ka network bhi Kum milta he very bad phone
Face recognition is worst and touch is also late respond totally this is worst phone don't buy
Worst insteument ever used. Thrice my contact book is erased. No solution with service center.
slow fingerprint ... poor camere quality...battery is not like 5000mAh it can be more powerful
Face recognition is worst and touch is also late respond totally this is worst phone don't buy
back camera quality is poor . mobaile is heat early  use net suffring and charging , calling .
I bought this with no emi option even though interest amount deducting from my credit balance.
Very bad ....dont buy this product Camera quality poor Touch is not working properly
Very poor quality of display screen and plastic material. Never buy.
Worst mobile, Not suites for gaming.☹☹☹☹ This is the review after 5months
Not satisfied with this mibile. Very slow net..
Nice
Fully dissatified with the mobile tower.dont buy it .jio is not working in this phone
Below average
Battery life is good.
M20 is good but my product is very low performance amazon very cheep dont exchange my product dont by in amazon
This is not 15w charger its nornal 5v 2A charger And battery  is fully charged  only one day backup
Nice
Please don't purchase frainds
Its average quality
Battery life is good
SIM network issue.
Thw battery is awesome. Overall the phone is a good buy in tgia range
Finger printer in rear is not so attractive. Adaptors failed with 20days
worst phone. even amazon also not support if we complain phone is not working
Tuch problem
camera quality normal
This phone  is to much hang  after using one month  bed experience  for mee
Front camera not good.mobile very heavy weight.water dop display missing not full view screen.
Main Speaker is not good except that everything is okay
no otg support
Screen is very delicate,,at one drop ,screen got peice peice ,,now thinking to buy other brand
Es phone me hanging ka problem hai....or mere product me back camera ka glass tuta huaa hai...
Have to say
camera picture is not upto mark. Dissatisfying picture quality coming from Samsung stable is surprising
Camara quality is not good
Very bad performance and some hang also until restart the phone ....waist of my money
lags a lot please don't buy it it charge very slow even 3 to 4 hour to full
Really bad decision to buy this mobile .. voice is not clear.. don’t buy this product
Display touch sensor is very poor. Finger print sensor performance is very, very bad.
Faltu phone, fast charging noi,bekar, 2 hours a 26% charge hoi, baje baje 3rd class..
Poor camera quality, poor processor performance, face detection performance not well,
Not fast charging. Cam average.  Battery ok. Fingerprint slow. Display usual average.
Over weight 186gms, phone slow, speakers gone in 10 days, all cheating
I don’t wanna say anything regarding this product this is totally bulshit and wastage of money
My phone got charging problem within one month
Finger print sensor very low Camara quality very low Better for battery Touch sensity very poor
Totally disappointed with the Samsung make. I have never expected, touch is not working properly
Battery backup achha Nahi hai or camera quality low ha . Hitting problem. Finger print acha
Mobile phones are too hot
I Have revived defective  phone . SD card slot not working, SIM cards not fix in the SIM Slot
Ordered Charcoal black color and received Ocean Blue. Called helpline etc. but was of no use.
Phn is pretty good ....but on gaming  heats up....also fingerprint response is lilbit passive
Front camera is awkward. Face Recognition and Fingerprint scanner is horrible. Don't buy this
Fingerprint is good but face unlocked not good Battery life is good but no fast charging
The phone is not as per the expectations. ads always pops up while we unlock the phone .
Found hanging problem.  Call drop rate is too high even after full network coverage
YE MOBILE BHAUT HI BAKWAS HANDSET HAIN HANG PROBLEM , VOICE CLEARITY PROBLEM , ETC ..........
Charging port dry so don't charge this fone very bad 😡 experience. Don't buy this fone.
too many ads pop up on home screen all the time. don't know how to remove it. kindly help out
Worst phone ever.Please don’t buy it. App adds regularly appear even if settings are changed.
Better  but slow network  and net slow dont cover net
Items is not good..online series full below average to offline series.
Slight heating issue is there!  With in a month screen distortion and its dead
Not satisfied with this product. Looks like Samsung began to copy a Xiaomi phone
I like it because its camera quality and battery life is very good....
Worst product dont buy.  Automatically diaplay gone.without physical damage.
Worst product pls don't buy
Network issue Some time network is not sh.owing on my phone Network speed is very very low
The touch of this mobile (Samsung M-20) is working automaticlly and having hanging problem in this.
sometimes it hangs like other samsung phones
nice product, but problem with the battery life
Overall good product
Very bad experience with Samsung m 20 . Hanging problem too much so dont buy
Everything is good except for the speakers. Speakers are really bad.
There are better phones for this price, jus a piece of barnd imprint
Worst camera. Sometimes finger print doesn't work . Keeps on hanging
I want to return this purchase.It is not worth in such a high price.
The phone stopped working  outside the country and the phone stopped
Jio sim not supportive, unable to download any application in phone.
Display quality is not good. It hangs some times. Camera quality is too low.
Display faded after 45days of use and gallery does not takes responsibility
Fingerprint is working as slow, Camera is very worst quality , Battery only good in this mobile
average processor...not for heavy users...
Since it had 5000 mah battery, if we keep mobile data on, battery draining too fast
Not a good phone. Net on karne pr  thora der me ye garam ho ja  raha.. Samsung cheat costomer..
Worst product
Hanging set
Incoming call sound is very low I thought this fault product kindly rectify the issue immediately
samsung m20 mobile voice not clearing to other person so replcae my samsung m20 mobile  thanks
After few days of use started observing lag while navigating
Battery has stopped working. Phone is neither charging, nor turning on. Worst phone.
Ok
Not good features
One of the most 3rd class mobile. Mobile is o hanging a lot.You will regret buying it
Sometimes hangs. Camera is ok. Battery is ok.
how to pubg running is bad network problem his samsung mob his bad phone network problem isshu
Ok
Ok
Good phone
very bad..after 1 month charger port not working..
Data cable not work after 2 months and Samsung Service centre refuse to change data cable in warranty.
Net speed very very low bad mobile this model
We bought this a month ago, and the screen  is having problem, it got blurred.  Very disappointed..
samsung m20 64gb waste of money in my life  don't buy anyone this phone i vote '0' star this phone
Worst camera ever seen
Poor performance. Don't buy.
My experience is bad, fingerprints sensor detent works, camera quality not good  low light .
Hardly a month plus n the screen response has gone for six, not sure if it’s refurbished one
not a good phone. my buy this 12 days ago and its speaker gone bad and now speaker not works
Average deal respected to price, little bit of hanging problem sometimes and heating problem
I got faulty device from Amazon In Just 1 & half month my phone display is totally blackout.
Worst Mobile ever used!!! The product is always in service center more than in my hand.
Main big problem with mobile is network issues . In middle of talking signal is turning off.
It's not so good, touch is not working well, is there any possibility to return this product
camera quality is too much poor.burst selfies....only outer look is good otherwise bad phone
Battery bhot late charge ho rahi h super fast charging mod bekar h camra quwalty bhi bekar h
This smartphone isn't so better because freezing of screen problem is occur during using this phone
Averege
Average
Network problem  same sim work another  mobile very well but with this handset not work properly
Finger print reader doesn't work properly every time
Notification alert is not working..bit overheating..
Heating problem. Rear camera average good.
Its the best phone @ this price.
Not a great product as hyped.. pubg lags a lot.. an average camera, on top of that received a defective piece
please my product returnto amazon delier my phroduct big issue mobile heat or camera problem
I am using from 2 months this mobile weast product if I am using apps phone will be restating automatically
Am getting SIM ulock pin issue and couldn't able to find the pin to unlock SIM?? Need help in this...
Low performance ... front cam suxx... pubg game low and hectic performance... MI note 6pro better.
Average
I don't know what to do its getting stuck at some times.Never thought a brand new phone could have such problem.
Within 15 days of use, the charger of the phone has stopped working
All things are good but touch response is very bad and not made  for gaming
Brought on May 20th Very poor charging It takes 6 hours to charge
The display of the unit we purchased failed within 3 weeks of purchase.....
Average camera Great battery Decent performance No Samsung music and other features
Worst ph. Ever used
Screen issue. Keeps blinking. Low quality product.
Super
Nice product
Exynos processor is not good.phone is very laging.not fast then others brand phone.
Very bad  products hang problem screen light problem pattern lock not work properly
bakvash phone h  samsung mobile 15k 20k rat me bahut ghatiya mobile ate h
Batterylife  is good But fingerprint performs is below average
Phone overheat , and poor customer service , regarding phone change
Pathetic device, hanging after a week
This product in battery backup issue & network issues
Worst ever
Not satisfied
Bad
Is Samsung M20 heating ?
Heated with in 5 min of use
After a months use worst performance fast charging not worked automatically power off...simply waste dont buy this m20...
Mobil hanging  problem
Returned.. Stop charging within 2 of purchase.
Fingerprint sensor is very fast working and camara quality gud and bettry life is very long
Wrost product,,, waste of money . Only in one month screen is freezing 30 times in one hour
The camera isn't that fantastic as expected.. the fingerprint reader sometimes doesn't read
Front camera isn't good..it is slow when performing the other apps...battery life is good..
The handset is not good when it comes to signal strength, very often m20 looses the signal.
Thanks to the Amazon team. Earlier got a defected piece. But Amazon did a replacement......
Phone hang every seconds.. moreover no network pickup capacity... this model is very loss..
The battery life is good for this product but I felt that camera can be made little better.
The product was delivered. However, there is overheating and the product is getting hanged.
Mobile look is good and slim but it is 5000 mah battery battery life is not upto the extent
Fingerprint reader doesn't work properly,  touch is not good & camera quality also bad
Not❌ real for 5000 Maah battery Over heating mobile 📱 Not buy for money waste mobile phone
I bought the phone 10 days back..And it's just switched off...I'm neither able to on it or charge it
West phone
Still I'm having same problem. Never buy from Amazon M20 products r not good .
Phone sounds at the time of talking. At the time of charging it shows water detected
Samsung never rectify mobile hanging issue, still M20 also has the same hang issue
No pros All are cons .... poor performance ...
Phone khass nahi hai Samsung m20 is very slwo phone
Overall it's ok... Sometime it is getting hanged  .
network issue in this phone is a  very big problem and also after some days not charged  fast, don't buy this phone.
Normal system
display quality is very low
Writing this review one month of usage. Never expect such a scr***p from Samsung. It hangs very often.
Good enough
Face unlock very slow and not working on low light
Not upto the mark, Camera not good enough...
Hanging problem
Too slow compare to others. In fact all m series samsung mobile are worst.
Camera quality is poor mobile hanging problem quality is not good.
The camera is not good in low lighting.  But in sunlight photos are decent quality
After use long time of any app in this phone a watermark is shown after closing it
Very bad phone charging port damage after 5 days and camera dose not work properly
Overall product is good but improvement necessary in Camera and sometimes it hangs
Gd Fingerprint, camera quality is poor as my observation,  battery life is to good
Only brand that's all. Not thin In this price other company giving superub mibilea
Not ok but calega
Samsung'm20
Product screen got blank in 3 months. Also heating problem
Don't say about Samsung
Product is not working proply...  80% hanging problam .....
Bad
heated when used PUBG Thick in size.
Camera Quality Is Bad .. Disappointed
Ear phone is not in box
Not happy with performance
Good battery Good sound Wrost touch Stop working touch in the mid of any thing working
I want to return it
Poor Camera Quality
Processor is very slow, feel like I made a biggest mistake of my life, after purchasing this phone
Poor in sustainability of WiFi and sim network also hangs
The worst phone ever when i saw it garbage phone i jus Done vomit
Mobile is heating ,touch is not instant, fingerprint reader slow, camera quality not good.
Phone gets hanged sometime. And feel network issue. Wont get network range upto mark.
The back button is not working sometimes.getting hang sometimes.fingerprint is quite slow.
Screen lock not working properly taking too long to lock the screen facing  a lot of issue
weird
don't buy this model you don't get ear phone
its very slow and camera performance is way behind the other phone at this range
Phone has suddenly switched off and not getting on
Pros- Display & Battery Cons- Everything else
Issue 1.low battery backup. 2. Touch sensitive problem 3. Auto brightness problem
Never liked the phone at all!
Beautiful handset but only ane problem is hanging problem.
Pay to brand
Hanging
Slow process Hang mobile
Good
Avrg camera with good battery..ok ok phone not recommended.
Product not up to the mark, touch not work some times, camera quality also not good. It happens when product is new.
I am not received  any cash back offer and  double data offer  from jio sim ..mobile performance good
Touch Screen is not working properly, it's hanging and getting warmed after a minor usage.
Mobile m20 is very bad phone My mobile is 20 Day Dad Plz no shopping This Mobile
Slow phone. 3gb 32 GB phone takes me to primitive age.. the phone hangs..
Phone is slow. Dialing app, finger sesnso and internet is also very slow.
It’s a very heavy in weight n have heating problem. Didn’t like it at all
Both cameras are not fine, in Samsung I've not expected like this cameras
Low performance in Camera and internet connectivity
Average performance,not very well, some time hanging and alarm does not ring after turning off mobile
Picture quality is good but it's settings too difficult. Sound is not enough. Worst battery backup.
Phone is all good...but lack behind in camera(both front nd rear) Although evrything is good.
Not as expected.
Not good not bad
Microphone is very bad
Heating issue, already informed to amazon. Always the phone gets heat up.
Dislike due to audio quality. It no voice of a audio. No voice in video
Only Samsung lover can buy for Normal usage
It's now hanging poor quality
Dis like
It is the worst phone i ever bought . I am requesting you all to don't buy this phone . It's screen quality is so bad.
Except battery backup everything is worst
Battery  is good
Everything ok.but camera quality is very very poor.I suggest for not purchased this phone
Camera quality is not so good and device hanging issue still not solved by Samsung R&D team.
All of these are ok but some time its screen resolution doing high and low automatically.
Don't buy diz mobile. No Updates. But real me 3 pro gives lot of updates worst mobile....
My Phone is fully slow work and touch problem please replace my phone.or refund my money.
I am used this phone only 20 days. In 20 days speaker is collapsed.its west product......
Finger print is not as per expectations, camera quality is not good and butter fly is ok.
The phone is started getting hang after a month. The touch pad also not working properly.
When I receive call from other end the caller some time does not able to listen my voice.
Phone is good but there are lots of add bling on screen every time when phone is unlock..
Very bed experience to Face out this product this product is Already damage a on the box.
The main purpose of the mobile phone is defeated. The signal receiving is very poor.
Bad battery life....heating problem....when i use data then mobile temp greater then 35°c
Within 2 month ph not working......mic problem... I need invoice copy for further service
after use of phone for 4 months mobile battery is dead and not working and not getting on
Yesterday the phone was problem with display... The display doesn't working... Now how..?
All corners are worst. Not working properly Not happy with M20 and very disappointed
Please do not waste your money on this phone. Phone is heating after turn on mobile data.
No comment
Touch does not work properly
M20 at the time of call connecting very poor call listening in during the call.. please help me on this issued Display line black time time again
Very bad
Heating problem...it's a quick heat after 2 or  3 hours
Very slow charging, camera is good but no head phone and screen guard here. Where is my warranty card Amazon???
M20 have so much hanging problems and screen drops  hitting issue also and
Good
Speaker quality is very worst. i dont  know they can replace the item? SPec's are ok for the price.
Ok
Very bad
Excellent product must buy this Samsung M20 budget phone with nice configuration
Starting to hang already..  it starts to type on it's own..  not really happy..
Not proper work
very poor quality. camera is average. pubg game is full lagging. touch work hard.
Not as expected
Ok good product
Don't buy this phone.
Use less phone if we charge for 5mnt phone will be heated like iron box.
Phone not working....it has stopped functioning within one year.
Battery life is good but mobile is hanging and when incoming calls numbers showing slowly
As usual the phone is hanging alot,camera quality is bad after all it's Samsung right!
I like this mobile very best but from yesterday its chadger not work can you Replace charger plz
Not best but ok
Camera is not take to clear photo , fingerprint reader slow, battery life normal
Camera quality was so bad no clearity in pics,slow sense of fingerprint  and still problem of hang.
Little slow. Camera needs to be improved. Touch is not up to the mark. Battery backup is excellent.
Don't buy this product battery life very low performance
The sim card tray would not eject with the sim card pin.
Good phone but fingerprint not comfortable easily read..
LOT OF ADVERTISMENTS. VERY ANNOYING.  THINK TWICE BEFORE PURCHASING.
Nice good
No headphone included
On this range good mb
Cameras quality is very poor in this price other phones have good camera quality
Quality is a bad
Good
Below Average product
The biometric scanners are surprisingly slow Battery is good Processor is fine
Worst product.. Finger print sensor useless.... Camera quality pathetic..... Do not buyy
The touch is not working and when we try to type the name we need to press so many times
Battery backup is 3rd class . There is no boost charger. 10% charge increased in 1 hour.
Not working fast,finger print is slow, battery life is good, camera result is also ok ok
Finger print reader is not according to the aspect. Camera is good and battery life also
Microphone and speaker stopped working within one month. I don’t recommend this product.
Fingerprint reader not working properly. Camera quality good Battery life good
I dislike this product. This product hangs more and net  speed is very low for sometime.
The fingerprints works slowly and facelock is super slow but battery performance is good
Useless product.....network issue is there....quality is not meeting the brand so called
No Good
Dont Purchase this phone,, ist autometically hanging,, while this phone purchase on 18.02.2019
Heging
Waste of money
worst and duplicate product
M20 ,this mobile hang ,if you opens second any apps.Screen always hang.Dont buy Samsung M series
Tower signal is not catching proper, compare to other mobile is good for catching tower signal
Worst phone from Samsung and Not all recommended
Quite heavy, may be because of 5000 mah battery!
Every time  you will give me a bad product froo Bad camera
Hi team,  Can you please return the product, while doing the charge phone hit.
Very poor experience even after checked by amazon engineer still it is not being returned.
VERY VERY POOR SET.
There is a screen problem in this phone when we turn full mouse pointer then phone is get hang
Do not buy this phone because leg problem and if you want playing a game pubg at all not working properly
Worst product. Its keep on hanging.. sometimes screen is running automatically. Waste of money
Product is ok. It get heated up during charging.
Good
Screen takes random touches. Took to service center. but no solution...
Bad camera this mobile waste money...... I am not happy this phone.....
Very bad phone
Not satisfied with the product, Battery backup is not that good
Dislike
Worst deal
Not at all good mobile.dont waste ur money. Very poor mobile.go for another brand.not for m series
Bakwas
Totally wastage of money display broke out, within 10 days. Bad experience. Don't buy any products from Samsung
It was heavy in size and weight. Samsung A series is better than this M series.
Hello sir I'm a small youtube er . This phone best phone I'm review this phone.
it's a waste of money totally other companies phones are better than this price
Not that much worthy
Battery backup poor and power key doesn't work properly
Amazon supplied faulty phone in this speaker is damaged
Ok
Phone is good, but there is no earphones included in the in-box package
Some times touch is not working good.phone is getting heated up while charging.
Not good
Not good
Not good ..Camera bad ...Battery is good but it get heated very often
😠Bakwas
Ok not very good not very bad too
Finger print sensor is not working properly and within two months the display get burn in.
Worst phone screen is very cheap quality
Battery life is good
The camera is average, and battery backup is very poor, it didn't have fast charge also
It's a very bad products. I cannot believe samsung also sell bad products. Don't buy it
The primary speaker for phone call started to malfunction in 3 months from buying date.
Very bad product. There is a problem after one . The charger got spoiled in two months.
Got defect product,Display problem-black screen is showing at top side of screen.worst.
My phone are being hanged till now..i want to exchange the phone.. can it be possible..
Very poor quality product. Very high hanging problem. Lot of troubles in use.
I had lot of update but still a issue to send log or close the app message for all apps
This is worst type C phone because it won't charges fast. and battery life is also low.
Sim is not working in first slot..... Corner touch does not work properly, over heating
My mobile is overheating. One of the worst mobile. Amazon  is not taking my mobile back
Do not like this product never be parche ge because sumsungnot warranty service provide
Navigation is not properly work ,over heating Prosecer Working very slow and legg.
Some times it is slogging
I Don't like this product it's so useless i waste my money every time hung and not work properly touch is very poor
5000mah battery but backup is 12 hour only
While a call or seeing media, phone fully vibrating with full side. Problem with inbuilt speakers.
Very bad product from Samsung. Over hanging for every call and very slow to open any app
Hanging not working
Camera quality is not good. And calling quality is horrible  ...
Battery is good but camera is average compared to its competitors like MI and phone is also heavy.
Not worth for money Very slow and operation is not working properly .
It starts hanging while in call or multiprocess
Is phone se bhadiya h ... Realme 3 pro h..
Low battery Low brightness Low camera
Not working satisfactory.
Processor speed & ram speed also not good
👍
Too slow and poor image stabilization for gaming like pubg even in meduim graphics. Very Poor
Its hangs a lot, while playing game. 4 GB RAM not worth of it
Defective item received
phone is ok but waste camera
Hmmmmm good but no hendfree
It is too slow to use internet just like 2G. I did not expect from it.
Charger is not good, Not working within 2 months of purchasing mobile.
So much poor touch screen. Even quality is wrost than 2K mobile phone.
#No default app lock #pubg gameplay - chutiya hei pura #still OREO n no updates yet.... Don't buy
Not good quality
Front camera is not up-to mark.  It's very poor. There is no return policy from amazon.  This is very bad
Mobile face to battery problem and camera quality is not good.
Not worth it. Phone gets slower after some time. Waste camera.
Screen Red line shows in center & top.. plz riplesament...fast
Worst phone i have ever seen..after 20days its stopped working
Mobile OK but Amazon not give the cash backs that is suffering
Front camera sucks..
Screen glass are very worst
Worset mobile total hanging.dont buy this
Not good
Battery backup and fast charging is very good . camera quality is average
Worst product. Getting problem with phone hangings...don't buy this product...
It is ok ok I don't know why this phone hanging ....... otherwise .....it's ok
 Software problems  420 Hand set
Worst selfie camera
Worst product I had ever seen . Network problem, plastic body,bad camera quality basically front
Very bad glass
The phone is not working properly it gets restarted on its own, giving lot of issues for usage
Not satisfied
Battery drains very fast and takes 2 hours for charging. Always displays with advertisement.
Think more n more to buy samsung
Network issue,call drop and no voice in call.same network in other phone work properly
Some times touch in not working properly after 6 months of use apart from all are fine
Bettery is not working as per capacity of 5000 mah ..... all other parts are very good
I like battery life but camera is good not brilliant Fingerprint not working good
Battery is good. Camera is also good. But fingerprint sensor take much time to unlock.
Mobile condition was not at all good. It's hanging and struck the mobile applications.
Very poor battery life and touch screen sensor quality.. avg. camera and avg. speed...
all are good camera is very bad no notification light good battery life
Good phone with good looking and good battery backup,  boths camera are good and clean
Not good phone Speed is very slow Same time hang this phone when coming call
I am not sticfy charger is dead No help by amozon
Good
lot of hanging problem, phone gets hang just after 2 min. use. .....not recommending to anyone
Dislike camera quality inside the house
This phone proximity sensor is not working And proaessor is to slow
I like its finger reader quality and camera quality..its suitable  for me in this rate.
Expect on few occasions when the touch did not work otherwise it's working good
Very bad camera 😤
Camera is not that much satisfied. Charging very slowly
HD quality super
For 50% Battery charging with original given charger .. it's taking 6 hours... disapppointed
Nothing special in this phone except display..
Heating too much..
charging port is not working within two days from using day.. getting this issue to many m20 phones
Finger scanner is some what slow Processor is not good , also battery life better
My biggest mistake in life to buy samsung m20. It's camera is very very poor and low quality.
Poor camera ,. Sounds. Normal, battery no fast charging compering other product.   But outlook super.
Defective phone recieve... Second time Samsung gife defective product
Please be informed that headset is missing in the box, please advice.
Its take too much time to full the battery... very poor selfie camera
Not at all suggested. Processor is very slow. Get hang in every 6 hrs
Considering the price bracket, fairly decent phone from tier 1 brand.
Its got cracked after falling from .5 m height. Dont buy
Nice phone in lowest range and latest design. Best in range with the brand name.
Don't Buy this product...So many hanging issue in this device
Phone is malfunctioning from day 1.  It is not upto expectations.
Touch resolution is very weak and taking more time to get back process I want to return
Coundnt use it as sim tray didn’t get inserted after taking out for sim.
While getting charged, it gets hotter and while talking also, it gets hotter.
Camera result not good as expected...e.g j7's camera result better than M20..
This product will get charge taking many hours, we want to return the product
Touch not working properly, weight of d phone s tooo high handling very safly
Overheating Kept charging for whole night it’s only 40 % Guess I got the wrong one
Phone hangs frequently while running more than two apps.Not for gaming purpose.
battery life
Battery  backup very poor
Slow phone. Why Samsung make that's badd phone..
Hanging problems
its a good mobile, but im not happy with the packing...
Normal
Never seen a worst phone like m20. I suggest who want to buy... Plz don't buy camara is worst and prosser is to slow.
I hate this product because  camera  focus low not working  fast just look wise best phn🤬🤬
Camera is not good, battery backup is very bad and mobile heating problem is too much
It's front camera is not so good. You must go for any another phone like realme or mi
Battery not dat much good and heating whioe charging ......camera quality is bad ....
Purchased 2 months back...two black dot observed on screen....touch is also very bad.
Very bad plastic back scratch really easily looks small than shown looks is different
Worst product...don't buy this phone....after 2 month of usage it's screen flickering
Worst phone ever used ... after 13days stoped working and also nobody is listening us
Everything  is waist signal  very poor Internet  very slow Camera  not good
While i talking to some one else a noise permanently. What i have to do with this set
Camera and Battery is good .... but it is very heavy weight compare to other mobiles.
Camera quality to not upto expectation. Good battery life.Don't keep big expectations
It just felt from one feet and Display got broken... I suggest not to buy this mobile
Product is good in processor but it have not enough storage due to bulky system apps.
Internet is slow in this divise
This Mobile very bad mobile hang VERY problem 😠😡😡😔😔😔
Camera quality  is not good and charging is not faster it takes 3 hours to full charged
I already use this model.but,the ph is hang too much time.samsung is really disgusting.
Touch is not good and face is not recognized in low light. Fingerprint is not so quick
100 camera quality  1 dum nadiya fogi k laya great phone ha long battery life
Worst phone  . It is not a Samsung. This is poor 💩 quality product
Hang problem network connectivity is very low
Mobile is not working only after keeping 3 hours of charge and there was no any sign of charging
Heng
3rd class phone from Samsung, the phone  hange a lot of the time .display quality is also poor.
Camera is very bad Anď battery backup is very good Display is not so good
Product is good.. very bad service from.amazon... Flipkart is better
Not good product. Always hang. I m not satisfy with its performance.
In Security side, if you show the photo of the owner it is unlocking
Best fingerprinter but camera quality is not good its just okay type
It lags so much. Its not even one year and the phone already stucks.
Hunging problem  this product
Average phone in this price. . . . Overall good but not best
Don't buy this product bad experience Wi fi not working
Worst model
Hanging problem
I dosen't like much about camera quality as compared to other Samsung mobile
I want screen replacement scheme... How to replace screen..  plz send detail
Seriously ads on Samsung device....! You should mention it in specifications
Miracast not working with my smart TV
bakvas product phone is too hang problems ka ghar hai ye do not buy this plz
Key pad keeps jumping automatically,  resulting in unnecessary letters getting added
Camera full waste
Please don't buy  Really  Thanks
Touch is not work....and scream showing many lines.....Bad product given by amazon...Don't buy
No proper features , slow internet, and the glass broken in onlyb1 week so bad
Dislikes products
Avraj
Network capability and battery backup was very poor in comparison to my other mobil.
Very bad product, hangs everytime, heating problem, network issue, speaker not good.
Network problem Bandwidth is so poor Never get signal strength immediately
Hangs every now and then ...gives surprise during important calls ..u can't pick ...
Its front camera picture quality is very bad but back camera picture quality is good
I am using this mobile from more than 4 months and m not satisfied with this mobile.
Problem in speaker....hearing problem...have came across in 2 new phones...don't buy
While sleeping just put on the ground screen got damaged  Touch rating 2.5
Battery life is good.. But quality of camera and finger print reader is worst..
There is problem to charge mobile  very slow charging (every one hour only 4%charge)
Performance average.... hanging issue...fornt & back camera quality below average...
FAST CHARGING AND BETTER BATTERY PICK UP CAMERA QUALITY IS BEST SAMSUNG BUDGET PHONE
Phone hang ho raha h Yaha phone wapas lelo Refund dedo ya redmi not 6 dedo
My first experience  very bad for Samsung m20 because of camera quality is  very bad
Dislike because this phon is very sulo $ privious install app excess so space short.
Camera  qty is not good, fingerprint  need improved, battery  life something  better
Bahut kamjor display h 1ft uppar s girne p toot gya very disappointed from #samsung.
You have delivered me a Defective product. SCREEN AND DISPLAY IS in worst conditions
Bad
Phone is hanging a little bit.
Selfie  dislikeee
Not good
Had minor issues..it's an ok product.
Nice
Mokka phone display sodai battery sodai pupg game start pannu full Hank so don't pre cheese
1.Selfie camera is not good. 2.hanging issue for all calls. 3.after connected call voice is not audible .
Some people like it
Price High
Battery and picture quality is ok, but not as per standard expected from a brand like Samsung
Very very worst battery charging complaint very poor is this mobile dont buy anybody
Guys don't buy this phone. I bought this buy before one month. So lack problem this phone.
Mobile hangs a lot and user interface is not up to quality  which Samsung usually provides
To much hanging 😭😭😭😭😥😥
Nice Product
Bad product
it is Ok product.
Slow Fingerprint recognition and face unlock not work properly.camera quality decent
Has charging problem. Takes more than 6hrs to charge if the battery is low to charge fully
Bad
Face id poor
Not a good product. Hanging issue . I am not happy with this mobile
It's too much slow mobile. 4G Network catching capacity is low
Camera is good Fingerprint is too slow Phone malfunctions
Front camera image is blur Front camera is really bad.
Very bad phone. Bought it 1 month ago. But always gets hang. Worst phone.
Not separate LTE CONNECTION. commonly provide ( LTE/3G/2G).
Bulky may be due to bigger battery. Camera is disappointing
Camera quality is not good.Had software issues with camera.
Worst fone, I bought 5 months back,, its hanging and vibration is not working
Very poor quality
The mobile is shutdown with out any problem I don’t how I would get it back
Phone is good.. battery backup good.. But there is hanging problems...
Very bad experience with samsung....i feel regret that y i had selected M20
Black spots which increases day by day in the display, poor camera quality.
That is best quality but charge are not work so so I am help less why ?????
Too slow
0 Rating
Working very slowly
Very heavy and processor very slow
Ok
Not bad but not good
Face recognition and Finger print not work properly
Not value for money. Must have chosen other brands.
Samsung brand but phone like a local brand poor cam
The phone is good looking but it has charging defect and battery issues. Not working properly
Other mobile with 1 GB ram will work more than this product, 100% useless product
asusual samsung product hang problem
Highest bakwas phone by Samsung 😢 Over heating,low processing battery is good
The product's performance was underwhelming. The only strong point is it's battery.
the phone got damaged just in 2 weeks, without any accident its display got damaged
This phone is not upto my expectations. It already has started hanging and is slow.
Bad product hanging prblem after sometime screen goes to black camera is not opened
worst Product .Mobile hanging proplem display automatically generated west of money
Its call quality is very poor and hangs a lot
Worst product delivered to me  no response from customer service about my complaint
It is not competible for fast internet browsing or downloading. Sometimes it hangs.
Overall this this is an above average phone But yes it is value for money too.
LIKE THE BATTERY AND FIRST CHARGING BUT DISSAPOINT THE PROCESSOR AND CAMERA QUALITY
Nothing to like. Never purchase this mobile. It never charged 100%. Rubbish........
Battery exellent
Good
Good
No
Ok
camera quality so poor, not like new
Very heavy... And bad camera quality
bakwas product
Worst phone
How can i get dslr for free??
The battery performance is not as good as mentioned but is going to heat-up for sure.
Not upto the mark... processor is slow, camera some what ok, wide angle is good. Battery life is very good.
Phone was hanging display fluchuvating I don't know how to return option was different way
I have been using this phone for 20 days, but it is still hang, this is a bad phone
Screen quality is too bad. For single drop from less than one foot distance itself screen broken.
After 2-3 days the phone lagging nad hanging alot China material Wrost phone
That's a great, phone quality was very good
Good but hangs in middle after 4 months use
Heating problem Camera not upto the level Btw in this range average phone
Good
Am facing  battery issues ... it doesn't  support fast charge totally battery is issue.....
Worst product that i have ever purchased in my life. Please do not buy it.
Good product but as usual Samsung hanging problem
Can't able to write much because its stucking alot..  worst mobile
Phone is hang
Front camera quality is very poor ...not expected from Samsung Hanging issue
Fully. Value of money is better
All finger and battery ok But camera quality is normal comparison oppo and vivo phone
Good devise but got leg while using multiple applications.
Good one been 10 months using it still an better option 🖖
The screen flippers and hence has to return it
It's lagging...  Waste  of money
Speed of phone is too slow. If you need better speed go for another brand.
Signal problem for phone.i tried multiple Sims even though signal problem.
Cute
front camera not a good... custmer care services very poor. i am frusted from this phone.
not bad
This is not good phone sound quality for earphone lover is so bad, and always show error
Microphone is not working requested to replacement
This phone to much hang plz don't buy it in sell maybe they sell used phone
Like it
bakwass mobile 1 month may kharab ho gaya , worst battery , speed, hanging problem
Battery life is poor. Oneday After Purchase the phone is not getting charged.
Bad phone always hanging disaster phone hanging even using call faltu bakwas phone
Good mobile  for normal use  battery  back up good and ear piece sound  not better
Problem in back sensor when I’m try to back that time mobile looks as a hang type.
Dont buy this phone, finger print sensor is not working properly and also speakers
Very bad quality, the Sim and Sim tray get damage in less then 2 weeks due to heat
It's very show in charge and it's hange...i do not recommend this phone to any one
It's a bad phone..overheating...fingerprints not work properly ''.. and so on
Bad mobile audio not listen phone hang some time And many more problems come.
It display quality is too low. It break soon . Not able to take some stress on it.
Very bad phone ...so much heating this mobile ...so much hanging phone bad product
Battery is very weak in this phone need to recharge every time hang after sometime
Phone is not good I am using  this phone lots of hanging  problem with this mobile
Quality of Inbuildt specification is low and better suggestion from my side is m30
Bad
Too hang. Bad camera quality
Not Bad
phone heat. low tower gain so data speed  waste product . i am not able to return or replace
Camera very bad
Screen got in first week, even it doesn't fall. Screen very delicate. No headfone in box.
It's ok but finger print is not good and about battery life is good
Battery life is not good as stated (5000 mh) Face recognition is not fast Internet is surfing slow with a good network
Have touch sensitivity issue in some of the times.
Wrost phone of the year
Not good
Phone some futchers good some futchers bad
Not bye. Samsung galaxy m20 waste of money
Camera is not a strong point of this phone
Average
Mobile hanging and 3rd day mobile software upgrade but not sole problem
Ye phone  he to sa lekin comre me bekar ha
network problem hiting problem and xchange request no respones Ecom courier poor service
Very poor touch. Network is not good in phone Sound quality is very poor
Network connectivity is lossing frequently and facing internet connectivity in 4G mode.
There was charging problem, either charger or code is not working
I asked in charcoal black but I got ocean blue... how careless 😠
Not Satisfied with this Mobile, NEtwork Issue all the Time & slow
Phone is hot within 5-10 minutes of usage. Camera clarity is low.
Touch pad very bad quality phone is heating
I am not satisfied this product. Download speed very slow
This product is not good, and waste of buying the product
Not good in any features Battery heated during usage
Battery life is not good. It drain so fast. Front camera quality is really bad
Screen operates automatically phone hanging from first day onwards,better don't buy
Worst product
Very slow processor....even Samsung J7 prime much better than this one...
Look wise good but camera is defective and worst camera quality I can say
This product has problem with call cut, unlock the phone, face detection.
Fingerprint sensor is very slow processer is not good display is not good
Processor too poor it's hang every time in regular use 💰 money west
It's a good one
Not like because very system poor and full damage system product Samsung galaxy m20 phone
Want to return
Don't  bye anyone battery backup and touching problems more.
Phone performance is not good. Hanging is normal feature of this phone also
screen touch is very bad, camera quality is also not good. suggest to see other option.
After 8 month use, software hang issues  is serious. Call drop problem is big problem in this phone.
Camera have good but not more better, some time flash light not work and hang problem also
Not goog cemra bitry good perfomance very bed
Very bad
Bad phon
Its good
Pathetic
It's a very bad mobile.. very bad 📷 quality.....
Charging problem face this phone Please help
But it is hanging really I am fed up with Samsung
Awesome mobile except PUBG lovers value for money
Camera quality not upto the mark
Battery quality really not good and speaker aslo not good am really not satisfied
Earphone not received with my M20 phone, Please provide the same immediately
Fingerprints reader is quite slow when compared to mobiles of this similar range.
Look, camera and battery is good but performance at this range is not as expected
Within two month Samsung M20 glass broken. Have any offer for screen replacement?
Very cheap phone because camera is very bad quality  and fingerprint is very slow
Camera quality is very good Bettry life perfect and finger print more faster
Touch screen is not responding properly. Found this only after two weeks of usage
It is not supporting airtel network, not connecting  my laptop. Touch screen  yak
Very slow charging. Battery drains quickly. Very irresponsive. Bad camera quality
Please dont buy this product , its a total wrap, display goes off within seconds.
All features are good af this price range but display color balancing is not good
4G internet is not supporting also voice break during incoming and outgoing calls
Waste mobile dude  dnt purchase always hang...worrest mobile ever seen in samsung
Within 1 month my charging socket damaged my phone stopped charging cheap samsung
Heating problem in charging and sometimes hanged , touchscreen is satisfactory.
Hang problem and app crash problem...worst phone money waste...
Waste Of Money
Ok
ok
Good
Gets hot during heavy usage
Not a good phone by samsung
Moisture detection problems
its is hanging a lot.
Camera is poor phone is not for gaming But 5 star for amazon for instant refund for me
Big problem is that every time you open the lock first you have to see the ads.
The phone is just OK
Worst phone I have ever used, endless list of bugs, unable to save contacts from recent call, even face recognition fails,
Finger print sensor is very bad taking too much of time to unlock the phone.
This mobiles  is hanging like anything And please don't buy like this mobiles weast of Money
dont purchase always hang from 1st day of
Good one but not as good as xiaomi phones
good battery and build but rubbish camera
Worst ever cheap phone. Hangs a lot.
Does not receive 4G signal well. So you can do anything but calling with this phone.
Defective mobile delivered by Amazon and not replaced till date.
Battery percentage always show 100% even charged only 10 minute.
Samsung delivered defective pice not a good product go wit other
Very bad product..i fed up with this...mostly didnt work touch ...
this mobile has overheating problem when I use internet after 15 minutes it is heating.
Don't buy bad disply bad tuch not buy any one this phone
Not good phone heavy waight and also battery drain fast.
As compare to mi Samsung is not good
Battery life not bad And phone speaker not hearing  totally waste😡
After using 5 minutes, the phone become hot. Why ? Please any one reply.
Phone is ok but it's too heavy as per current available phones in market
Moisture problem across the series .. As told by the service centre
VGA camera only name 12 M and battery life is 24 hrs in ideal condation.
Not up to mark phone ,expected much lot from it but didn't get that much
Not user friendly . But it's not too bad when it's comes to battery life
Mobile light heat,and customer service representative behaviour is worst
Ts product is not good,. this phone is hanging problem don't take this mobile it is wrest
Battery god 5000mh but order 1 manth damage waste phone to bad phone
Both Front and rear Camera Quality is not up to the mark.
Camera quality is very worst  .Waste of my money
Phone quality not like as Samsung.. Camera  quality very poor. Overall not good.
It's not good Quality phone as compared in price with available phones in market
Third class performance. Camera is totally use less and phone is getting heated.
 Received the product with seal open
Very worst phone only old people can use this phone am writing after 9 months...
Fingerprint sensor is not good..... My m20's sensor is not working properly
YOUR MOBILE SAMSUNG GALAXY M 20 COLLAPSED WITHIN TWO MONTHS. VERY BAD EXPERIENCE
Only 3 days used my phone hung/het/phone receive problem. It is very bad product
This phone hanged and still hanged What’s wrong with it please do something
Samsung phones have a terrible lag. Do not recommend Samsung phones (any model).
Worst product touch some time not working properly,fingerprint reader also wrost
THIS IS NOT EYECATHING PRODUCT .NO EARPHONE INSIDE .I AM NOT SATISFIED WITH THIS
Connectivity is very bad network connections is bad . I feel returned this item.
Camera is decent.  performance is acceptable. Overall a decent product
SUPER PRODUCT
Product was purchased one month back only that speaker was not working some times
Very bad phone in this price
Not a good one
The item was cancelled for me then how to delivered  . It's was forgery.  Me complained  for zero crime branch
Battery Not Ok
Within 15days display has gone and Software issue. Pl dont buy and dont recommend
Front camera is very bad .And don't have image stabilization .
Not Recommend
wrost product pl dont buy this I recommend redmi note 7 and 7 pro best mid range phone
all thing is right but I am not satisfied with camera and android version Avi update ni hai
Low qualiy audio touch bad
Camera not good and network issue
This product not working properly
Otg problem Battery life low
Not a good product
Slow face recognition and laggy phone
Battery life is amazing while the camera quality sucks
Good battery life, much better screen, some soft were issues  overall good performance
Fingerprint is good. And battery life is exilent. But this is a not gaming fone.
Phone talk sound is not clear . Battery performance is only quite good. Phone looks smart.
Hetting issues are too much there
While scrolling,  it is hangs sometimes.
Such a waste phone too much hanging waste phone dont buy samsung M series
Speaker is not working well & Notifications not opening from Notification panel.
How will I give you for battery life? It depends on the life of the battery.
Too much heating problem, totally wastage of money.....
Only battery is good else phone is waste
Mob quality
Proximity Sensor not working on this phone M 20
Not a worthy choice in this price segment,  better to go for Mi
Price Battery life Ordered for black received Blue :(
This is a very good phone at this price range. I like the most about it  is its battery life.
The performance of front camera is too bad..
don't buy this mobile. it's waste of money. mobile hanging too much . not clear result
This phone are system hang.
Good... Value for money
Very bad experience, worse phone ,put away into rubbish
Display touch is main problem...doesn't respond fastly and smoothly....
Fingerprint scanner not working after few days. But overall good phone.
Mobile is heavy and thick . I didn’t get charger wire .worst experience
Fast charger is not so fast..it takes more than 3 hours for full charge
Low to average performance. Started hanging from a week since I bought.
Phone not soo worth it ... Very slow... Face unlock very slow
Camera is not good, specially in night mode and  low light. Images are blurred.
I like battery but speed is lower than honor 6x which i used earlier..
Typical samsung device.. hang with even the lightest app.. Don't purchase..
Proximity  sensor is not working my phone galaxy M20, Please send me the
Very slow finger print scanner
Please returned  Samsung Galaxy M20 (Ocean Blue, 3+32GB) & New Samsung Galaxy M20 (Ocean Blue, 3+32GB) sent
Worang
Camera,battery, screen display Quality not batter......bad quality mobile.
Camera Quality Worst !! Battery Life Ok !! Phone Was Overall Ok Not So Great !!
Samsung m20 mobile is good. But this mobile's network problem. Prosesing hang..
Worst phone . Phone is hanging . Its was worst thing that I purchased this crap
Camera is normal "fingerprint reader is better,&   Battery life is good...
Worst speed prosecer i experienced over Wight bad built quuality doesn't buy it
Very bad...please don't go for it.. Speaker problem, camera is not good...
Battery performance not good we have already raised complaint against the same.
This product staring ok but 3 month going on touch screen not proper response .
Pure bakwas phone he... band ho jata  he reh the kar new phone liya fir bhi....
Phone is not getting charged and facing hanging issue also...not worth to buy..
hang issues
had some hanging issue and camera also not good
Disappointed
There is a defect in the set I talked to customer care but they don't refund it
Camera quality is not Good instead of same range phone have good camera quality
A product are good
not soo good
Slow processing...while pressing on off button it take 1sec....
It's heating a lot I cont download any application mobile camera not at all good
I have defective product received Samsung galaxy m20 camera quality is not good
Touch is not working properly, while using every five miniute after it's hang.don't buy it
Not good..problem with mobile data connection..very slow phone..wasted money in this phone.
Cheap mobile
Phone is getting hung a lot when we are using multiple applications at a time.Camera is also not that good.
it is worst phone completely waste of money it is hanging after the one month of buying
Not Good
Touch screen is not good.
Finger print,battery life is good but Camara  quality  is below average.
Hang fon no 7 horus Bettry life Or betray charge hone me 5-6 hours  lagte he mat lena
Good, but battery wilting easily
Returned in 5 days
Worst phone. Getting hang within 2 days
Waste of money Dont buy hanging problem
The screen started showing problem within 4 months of purchase. Very disappointed with it.
I bought this phone 2 months ago.It breaks badly and touch doesn't work.
Just ok
Good display, better battery
Lifetime heating and hanging issues... Koi fayda ni hua..
Touchscreen not work properly, fingerprintsensor working slow.
Dear Samsung,  I am not satisfied from you M series!
Totally  Samsung company making customer fool as Airtel doing.
Not better then Vivo and Mi mobile on segment of price
Worst mobile...ever mobile getting hanged everytime...
Good phon at this range.but fingerprint response is little bit slow...
I like a battery backup. I don't like camera, fingerprint sensor.
Sometimes work automatically Applications does not work sometimes
Light sensors are not working at times during dark. Touch becomes un response
Phone hangs a lot 4gb ram is just for saying phone is very slow
My mobile is not fast charging, it will take 2 n 1/2  hrs for full charge..  dislike..
Average product, not happy with overall performance in this competition price
internet speed  is very slow while other mobile is working on same location...
After 6 month network problem internet speed down same sim work mi mobile
Voice break during the call and auto volume up and down when playing any video
worst mobile touch not work properly heating problem and touch sensor not work
VeryVeryVeryVeryVeryVery pooooooor product no star 0 star this product waste money, waste product
Phone power button is not working. It is not turn on the same day it received.
Display is very low quality. (My phone display damage but screenguard is safe)
Display error within one month purchase kindly replace the product immediately
as ususal hanging  problem,  poor camera quality , and very  low sound output.
This is what which happenned even when it has been only 5 days of my purchase.
Better to buy.. Other phone rather  than this always stucks. And slow charging
Camera s are good battery are also good but my mobile not changing 100 percent
the product is good but not for new comers it is for just long lasting peoples
Ok it's not good not bad parents ki iytha ok youth ki iytha noooo ok Good Good
After 1month this mobile is hanging now and display problem so what can I Do ?
Camera doesn't work properly. Slow to respond.
Good phone.
Camera wast
Camera picture quality very poor... Battery backup good... Very disappointed
Processor is slow. Camera quality is average. Overall an average handset.
Finger print sensor doesn't work in two months
Hangs a lot
Bahut hanging this mobile phone
very bad product, over heating the phone and battery breakup very poor quality
Bad
camera quality is v poor
DISPLAY IS NOT WORKING I FACED PROBLEM WITHIN 12 DAYS.
Touch quality is bad, repeated times automatically touches applications , irritated  me
8 din me hi hang hona chalu huva.....about hi bad phone he
Mobile very slow not like the mobile mi the best mobile
Camera not good , charging slow
Very bad performance phone.it is very slow processing and again hangging.
Worst mobile it automatically starts by its own, please do go for this product
Waste of money
touch is not working,  hanging  problems  in touch plz improve Samsung so don't  buy this phone  touch  problem  is very much
Sometimes touch is not working until you close the screen and charger quality is not good.
Phone is mall functioning and Samsung care is not able to find fault properly.
Screen is very dull
phone taketo much time to get full charge . camera quality and  finger print reader are good
Buy at good price
This is very poor network connectivity phone I have ever seen
Good,but the video not played properly after write on the DVD
Sensor problem hang of mobile networks issues software issues
Hanging problem bad camera Worst video quality waste of money
Not upto the marked.. getting hanged quite often...
Major Issue is very bad screen, always hanging, useless product, wast of money
Major Issue is very bad screen, always hanging, useless product, wast of money
Phone and travel adaptor get hot at the time of charging
All features are averaged but look/design and battery backup amazing.
Bad battery.hangs in between..keys automatically starts without touch
Touch quality  not good . Face lock poor performance.
Phone heating issue while talking. Camera is not up to the mark.
Camera is not good Only battery is good in phone
Camera and sound quality in not so good but battery life is good
Thanks Samsung better than previous products and battery life is good
Been freezing within weeks of purchase and keeps hanging all the time
Finger print is very slow
Very poor performance of this phone hang problem in just two days so don't buy
Phone is hanging. Some time when we writing message automatically going switch off.
Mobile All Specifications is good but processor and damaged protection is very worst
Good battery,display,video,camera super,but calls and networking big problems
Overall good for daily normal users. But Camera quality could be better.
Nothing is like this phone ,performance is very slow ,not working properly...
Touch is not good, this is the worst product of Samsung. Don’t Buy this phone
This phone is very bad fornt  camera quality is bad don't purchase this phone
I don't like it why because camera quality very bad I don't want this mobilel
There is no head phones  in the box ........ No cover...... No glass....
Camera not at all good Brightness so poor Sound/volume is so feeble
The front camera doesn't work. It doesn't turn on when trying to take selfie.
Battery backup  is better  but front camera is not good in this range mobiles
Phone is facing with touch issue. Sometime touch do not work. And also hang sometime.
Like fairly
Online M series not good as compared A series
Not bad
Another disappointment form samsung midranger
Camera is not good
Bad camera
Good phone
Sometime touch autowoking &network problem also Buttery life good
Good but not soooo good
Bulshit phone. Dont buy at all
Camera quality is too much bad
Don't buy.There is screen freezing problem. Automatically touch screen doesn't work until press the power key.
 Got this
Speaker quality bad battery bad
Mobile me bahut problem hai. Pls help me sir & mam. I am finally tension this m20 mobile phone.
Getting hang in between after opening any app.
Good
Phne is very slow nd hang day by day  can you please help me to solve this problem
Poor display Avg camera quality Nice battery
Worst mobile Mobile To much Heating No battery life Mobile hang
I like battery life and i do not like finger print it was some problem
Ok .. ok
Billing print is dal phone is good building print is very dal
Replacement of defective piece also not received Very bad phone Heating issue
In Average range
Touch, and display is not that great.
I don't like this mobile Network problem this phone Please request for you solve this problem
After 5 month use screen display was down. Please don't buy Samsung phone.
The worst product, i received ever.. The display of the mobile is not working good
Line appearing on display even though I haven't used it much
Front camera is disappointing, the interface can be improved
Camera is very disappointing, one plus give better pictures
Camera quality is not good as camp are with other smart phone you have to work on it..
Bad product for Samsung the phone is hang and working not properly. Waste for money.
Samsung M20 is a good fon free to use but some time diler is hanging
Moisture detected. Always a same problem. Too many bugs. Hang a lot.
One month old phone .. suddenly it got switched off and not got on..
Image not as alike other samsung mobile. But at this price its nice.
Dislike this product  after purchase  4 GB ram not working  properly
Performance is very poor.  It started hanging within 15 days usage..
Voice quality is not good. Light blings time to time. Not satisfied.
The Mobile is switched off today and CV not working.
Network problem... No coverage This phone camera was no result..
A lot of problems in this mobile, charging is not properly
Really disappointed this phone,very low catching capacity,poor plastic body
Pitcher quality of m20 is not so good And hanging problems also in this phone
Worst mobile fail samsung m20 somany problems start with in week auto cut of calls
If you want to play pubg Don't buy it The phone lags and the screen freezes.
Poor performance very slow response for finger print, calling, messages etc.
Hardware quality is too bad And security locks are not working properly
I like battery power Camera quality not good Fingerprint very late
Sim tray is smaller than actual so it is impossible use sim and memory card.
Sometimes fingerprint reader does not work properly,battery life is average.
It's touch are not work in proper way and also it's camera are not good ....
DabaPhone is not good and battery life is bad and some time is hanging phone
This mobiles  display overheating I'm trying to return the item means mobile
Fingerprint sensor works slowly than other Phones. No inbuilt App Lock.
Very bad experiences... Overheated  when changing. Battery life not so good.
Battery awesome,fingerprint good but only problem lagging while playing pubg
Touch screen did not meet my expectation and mobile also gets hang sometime.
Phone suddenly stopped working. Completely Dead within 3 months of purchase.
Hello this phone is not proper working in one month please take return......
Slow charging it takes 4.5 hours to charge full , processor average not fast
It is a very heavy phone . Battery life is good ,camera quality is also good
Comparatively to other Samsung device it's not worth in this range of Price.
Worst ever. There is excessive over heating and I am not able to hold it too
Phone is getting hang..as after 10 second of ring display is getting on..not
In this mobile  phone the life of battery  is 5000mah but don't go long time
1 btry is good 2  front camera is not good 3 look is simple 4
I think Amazon should not sale of this model
Don't buy it, if u r looking for performance
After one day of using mobile stops suddenly n switched  off automatically and can't able to start
Camera feeling not well.. it's not 13Mp camera feeling.. i feel like bad to buy it
Features in this range i.e. Camera quality Battery life Aesthetics
Battery life is not upto the mark.. & camera quality is very disappointing..
Phone get heat only 5 minutes  after use  Hanging  problems also  not good
Very bad set. Cant download any applications or anything. Very poor.  Want to return
Phone is no faster than other phone. Syastem of this phone is very slow.
Bekar hai
Poor phone  poor reception poor sound
good battery life with average camera mibile leging problem start with day 1
Very good
Okay Okay
Touch pad is very slow
Mobile is being slow, and battery could last one day only
Screen got blury
Touch is not good. Sometimes touch runs automatically. Sometimes do not work
Facing network issue in this mobile,
Could have been better in every way.
Fingerprint sensor is vry badddly...
Hanging prbleam
Hanging problem
Not recommended
It is charging  very slowly  even full day it is not charging  100%
Very bad
Not excellent
If we put the mobile in water and after we charge it the display will dammage
worst ...didn't expect this from Amazon......charging problem and heat issues from 2 nd day
Internet connectivity is very slow compared to other range of phones.
Not good mobile phone hang problem too much pls frnds dont buy this mobile ....
But within 2 hand half months,speakers of Samsung galaxy is failed.
Phn got hangeg till dead and sent to service centre twice but still
Phone data on hone pr voice call krne se bahut garm ho jata hai....
I got 8990 only but not happy bcoz heavy weight and 8.8mm thickness
This phone run hang,this is too bed phone, money west in this phone
Worst product by samsung as well the worst ecommerce site AMAZONIN.
Purchased 15days back now phone is not charging really disappointed
Phone hangs too much...received fault set...apps open automatically
Plz plz don'tgo for samsung hang, lag, heat suddenly battery drain.
Not as expected. Screen response is poor. Hangs without any reason.
VERY BAD EXPERIENCE BECAUSE THE BACK PANEL IS VERY SENSITIVE 😖😖😖
Mobiles phone is good camera quality also good battery life is good
Only Fast charging and Battery backup is very good.
Good Phone, had issue with the touch screen earlier
Hanging problem with the phone is very disappointing problem totally phone is not good
Not good
battery is supereb but hangs properly without any heavy usges
Worse selfee camera in night
Face recognition is not good, Battery life is not so good as it is.
Hang issue. Brightness automatically changes and touch is pathetic.
Best in low price hange problem start after use of 6 months
Design and feature are good. Battery back up super.. but Low quality front cam...
Third class mobile and didn't get earphones  with this handset
THIS SET IS VERY BAD ACCORDING BATTERY BACKUP AND PLEASE DO NOT BUY ANYONE.
Best battery backup as compared to Mi Bad graphics for games like pubg
The product  is charging is a phone is very het Samsung  Galaxy  m20 damage
 Sabun Nikla h products ki jagh
Worst product.... Not suggest anyone... Its hanging alot... Useless product
This product is bad camera not clear selfi & primary camera camera problems
Phone gets hang and within three months mother board required to be replace
Fraud! BEAWARE box of phone is already opened before i received the package
Mobile very very hanging problem very very worst model in the samsung world
Production is not working probably problem with battery issues and charging
This phone is not support fast charging this phone is very bad never buy it
Bogus mobile. Feeling like Chinese phone. Not as per Samsung brand quality.
Camera quality not that good Its drain faster than usual after 15 days
Night picture quality so poor, Hanging problem , Front camera so low...west money...
No Wireless display and network signals also week other than mobile
Memory card is not read in my mobile speed is also low Display is not proper
Overall phone is good. But camera not good.
Network problem
Very bed hang and heating problem  Ting
Not bad
Fingerprint  sensor is not upto the mark.and battery also discharging fast.
The phone m20 is getting hot by download app pl check otherwise get replace
Phone is good.. some times it hang but overall good phone in this budget...
Nice phone...everything is nice about this phone except front camera
Don't buy it. camera and processor quality is very poor . only battery is good
Ok
Slow phone. Its 4 GB variant but processing slow.
Dislike
Perfect to gift your parents
Airtel network signal Is low
Very bad product recived and Amazon customer service not immedentaly action
Totally not satisfied for using this Mobil... Camera quality not good...
Touch screen doesnot work properly. Phone hangs too much. Waste of money.
It could be better by enhancing camera quality...and amoled display..
Got irritated with review feedback...y the hell so many calls are organized
NOT WORTH FOR MONEY..WITHIN 1 MONTH OF PURCHASE ...ITS NOT WORKING PROPERLY
EVERAGE MOBIL, JUST LIKE A CHEAP PHONE, WE DO NOT EXPEXT IT FROM SAMSUNG
Great mobile with good battery backup,but less performance
Wi fi is not  working  properly
Not that good but it's okay overall
Mobile charger not working properly
samsung m series mobile is not good
Camera quality not good.. according to price not good... Hanging problem... Display is good.
Not that much good in software But battery  life good Camera good
I am unable to receive any call, it gets hangs up,
Average phone..
Phone is good in this price range, but camera is not good.
Battery is good and camera quality is very good this price
Overall quality is not upto the mark as claimed by Samsung
Call sound is very very low. Please don't try this product
Pathetic processor, hangs many times. Poor camera quality.
No
Bad Quality camera
I think Samsung need more work on this device  because  lots of hanging problems face me
Facing network issue with in 1 month of purchase
Battery of this mobile is 5000 mah  but in night it drops upto 50℅
Can't say this is an extraordinary phone... It's just a decent one
The valume button is not working in tha process of video calling .
Display quality or performance are very bad. Device processor are very bad.
Dislike is fingerprint, another everything is good
Again Bad product by Samsung..very is disappointed
Screen display imbalance
battery backup is good...processor is not working well..and Phone hanging issue face...
superb mobile just buy it
Phone touch doesn't work properly. Sometimes it's hanging..
Dont buythis phone itsnot work properly hanging problem camera is very bad
Cellphone is always heated.. On use and also on charging it becomes heated
Worst experience  with this product. Even new mobile also getting  hanged.
Sometimes touch screen not working properly, even in my friend mobile also
The worst phone I ever used it lags a lot pls don't waste ur money for M20
uncomfortable mobile, no warranty card this product. Picture quality poor.
Product is nice but the phone size is a bit big but all over phone is good
Bal ar phone. Am I kono chala k AI phone kintu bolbo na. No.1 bal ar phone
Phone looks good but its getting hang amd front camera quality is not good
Battery life is very good but camera and fingerprint sensor isn't properly
Fingerprint reader ND camera thik than hi h jaisa bola gya tha waisa nai h
Sim tray is very very bad quality. First time I eject the tray is bending.
Samsung m20 touch is very poor quality & moving speed of touch is very low
While playing games mobile struck and bit slow compared to other companies
Did not receive headphones, how come a sealed pack come without headphones
Finger sensor is not responding quick, u have to hold it for a 2,3second..
From day phone is hanging  . picture quality is not good camera is not good
Heating, hanging, restarting automatically
Over all phone good but camera quality bad
All is good but it is not fast charging. It only charges to 20 % in 2hours
phone was to much heating and battery is not long lasting . camera also not good .
Very poor Camara front & back I think this not samsung make
Finger on Screen doesnot work properly,  finger print unlock sensor  not work proper
Not good products as Samsung show
Camra quality is not good Fingers print sensor is slow But face recognition is good.
Average quality phone
Price range good  overall  good ph but Net prosser slow performance not good
Average
Dislike
Average
This phone is not working properly. Please advice.
ॐFast charger is very slow!  It took 2+hours to fullcharge! Disappointed
After 6 months phone struck
camera quality is not good,
Jio network not full available and all online video buffring
Hangs like crazy
Ram with 4/64gb , user interface
Worst phone ever seen, phone will be hang , automatic touch running, poor phone
Great product
Average phone
Don't buy. Terrible finishing. Frame quality is really bad.
Good
Very good camera & battery lifetime fingerprint sensor ok
PRODUCT IS GOOD IT HAVE ISSUE IN FINGER SENSOR & IT HANGS
Very very bad quality product. Touch not working properly
I m very disappointed. Very bad mobile. Touch not working
Samsung ka low budget mobile mat purchase karna koi bhi .
Not a very good product, performance is not satisfactory.
not that thing like any fantasy as it would surprise you.
Finger print sensor bad, phone speed not upto mark as its 4gb ram
The phone is getting heating very fast with in just 3-4 mins call
Battery draining fast and while data on phone is heating too much
The camera and the build quality are satisfactory. Other features
Fingerprint sensor warst and camera good and battery life average
Finger print  reader very slow Battery life 5000mah so worst
Dont buy this phone camera quality very poor, display is not good
Samsung older problem.. Still in their new model.... Hang problem
Product is not as expected,  it is not working fast like 4gb ram.
Its not so smooth as it should be,  battery is gud,, but no smooth..
There  is a charging  problem with this phone i want to return it
Battery life too bad  . Hangs often  .camera quality also too bad
Mobile  automatically opening files and going calls automatically
Slow software
Display problem in three time replace the display
The mobile is slow. Camera is not up to the mark.
Mobile is good But why headset was not given
upto 6month it was fine but after started hanging
Very worst product we will not purchasing anything to Amazon online product
Please don't buy this mobile. Hanging problem Pubg leg in smooth graphics.
The mobile is heavy. Have the heating problem .
Picture quality ,sound quality and battery are good but mobile is not good.
Good
Product was good but old problem of samsung phone hanging problem persist
Camera quality is poor and bettry backup also disappointed as per 5000MAH
Sir I want to replace this product because it is not charging properly...
Very bad working mobile... No replacement.. My money is... 👎👎👎😡😡😡😡
My experience this mobile is very worst...I got mobile dead condition....
Never ever buy this product. Major heating issue with Samsung Galaxy M 20
Top happy with the product Camera quality is worst very disappointed
Mobile looking good but mobile body very bad camera not ,battery not good
I will dislikes this products because the phone is death after two months
Not even a month my phone is not starting had to come to samusung support
Camera is worst, finger print is bad, phone is hanging ,charging problem,
This phone should not be bought , it started working slow after one month
NO NETWORK CAUGHT PROPERLY, NO INTERNET WORKING... SCREEN BLINKING..
Only battery life is good. Fingerprint,camera, touch are bad quality
Camera clarity wonderful, Battery life superb, its handy and good looking
Cell reception is very poor, download keep on waiting even on good speed.
Nice in this range.. Samsung is better then mi nd other chaina products..
Ek dum right phon but hitting inssu is one line data one for hitting issu
Phone screen is hanging frequently... and phone produces too much heat...
Battery, face locking, hanging, sound, camera worst camera front and rear
Mobile is good.camera quality good.fingerprint cencer working fine.overall nice phone
Battery life is poor. Fast charge performance is lacking and pathetic.
Waste of money ...camera quality is waste
Camera quality & finger print very poor..
Only ear speaker issue otherwise good phone
Phone working itself, apps opening automatically.... what should I do....?
Average
Hanging issue while more than half space is empty
Totally wasted products first time buying worst product in amazon
better
Fingerprint is good,front camera quality is not good and battery life not good as we expected
Camera is good. I like it.
Its good but not betterone
Camera quality is not good
Average performance
i love Samsung but not this phone.  trying to sell it on olx ..
Nice
Charging is not gud,battery also downs very fastly
Over heating
Phone Hangs frequently.Working is slow.
Phone is slow.
Bakwas
The problem is hanging & heating while charging. Camera & Battery is very good
Phone is ok but box was damaged
Battery is heating while charging
Fast charging option not working.
Fish product
Camera worst
Poor Camera, Heating problem.
fuddu phone a hang bhut hunda batteru v bhut ght kadd da
Disgusting phone.. too slow.. MI phones are much better.
Ok
Some time it gets slower due to more applications open at a time
In the low light as well as in night, the camera quality is low.
Poor network And slow charging Not best m-series phone
Very wrost product by samsung. Phone is misbehaving  n very slow
Bhot bhari h iski price range me aane wale phn se compare kre to
Finger print  not working  accurate Sensor not working well
An experience no one should get. Damaged product out of the box.
Just 3 months and the phone is dead by little moisture not water
Phone is good, during night time, the processing time gets slow.
This is very very worst product. Camera quality is too poor
Camera quality very bad...
Sir its was automatically typing and hanging always So what to do
Screen is too hard
Product is getting heat.And display is drawback.
Working slow but good quality product by Samsung
Better not to buy, I am facing so many problems.
Totally off product don't go with sasta samsung.
Expectation  were shut once the product was used
Touch screen goes un responsive very frequently.
Mostly fingerprint reader unable to recognize finger also camera quality is not up to mark
Battery back cemra quality is good, but  phone hanging problems is there
After using it for 3 months there is issue in the touch pad while using.
Sometimes it hangs a bit, its weight is a little more than its rivals...
recently took Samsung m20. speaker problem and hang mobile in every 5min
Poor camera quality.. Battery life is awesome. Overall average
it hangs frequently..if this continues,surely i will return this product
The phone is not at all useful.  Its functions are not working properly.
Battery is excellent but front camera is not good it has not face beauty
Phone is hanging and more heat 🔥  bad and this product not contained ear pods
I bought in March 19, Iam finding an abnormal beeping. I am very scared.
Fingerprint sensor is a bit slow sometimes Camera autofocus is slow
Battery backup is not as per the expectation and camera is not good also
Rear camera is not so good, finger print function slowly,battery is good
Everything is good in this phone, but front camera quality is very poor.
Camera quality third class, and portrait mode not in available in device
very poor phone... range problem.. and very too slow to load application
Bahut he ghtiya phone hai use kiya hua phone diya hai hame
Front camera blure ( front camera problem
I am disliking this mob bcoz it's processing and touch speed is vry slow
It work very slowly
Everything specially camera and display.
Poor built quality, don't waste ur money
Phone battery very superb. Some time apps hanked. front camera flash not available.
Update bekarr h bhyii screen lock widget  ni h nd net speed status bar ni h
M20 have poor picture quality, not good sound and flash light also poor no bright
Not working
not good i dont like it..
Not worthy option.
Bad very bad phone
Touch is not good  and finger print reader takes lot of time to read finger print
Today itself I received the phone  and at night I got to know it gets hanged a lot.
Not worthy to buy
Many minor problem phone
Camera is worst.....ever I have found in camera phones.
Weast phone
Box is damaged... Little bit scratches in phone packed transparent cover... Hanging over
Camera and picture quality is too bad Don't buy this phone
It slows down so early. It also consumes battery on standalone.
Good batter life Avg camera Worst finger print sensor
Unsatisfied, try to avoid  "m" range phones, processing is slow
Samsung m20 camera quality good bt i  m not satisfied for price
Delivered not updated product. Took lot of efforts to cope with
Battery life is good but have some bugs while using all options
Very bad touch screen and battery life.
Networt issue & battry charging time ( 1 to 100 % ) is not equal  daily
I have a bad experience with Samsung Galaxy M20
Camera quality and display colours are not good
Poor poor qwality  bad fon pla  rifund  my  amt
Orderd on june.. Now my charger is not working.
Fingerprint scanner is slow work and not secure
Garbage phone.dont buy at any cost on amazon.amazon doesnt give refund of product.
Not good
Not useful
Phone hanging
PUBG does not work smoothly even display is misbehaving without PUBG,
Call quality very poor , mic not working properly otherwise nice to use
Finger slow working Camera not good quality Battery life good
worst product and they are not even refunding my money... worst product
I like this product but unfortunately I have not received the air phone
Slow, network performance low, battery backup not good, or v bahut kuch
This device is not working, when unplug the charger this is too heat ..
Camera quality is not good. Phones get hang after 3-4 month usage.
Good to handle but there's always a problem in Network connectivity....
My mobile s charger not working pls help mi. Contact - 9561902161.
Fingerprint and battery is good but camera quality is not satisfactory.
no earphone which is a drawback but overall a great product to purchace
It is not charging properly, for full charge it's taking almost 5 hours
Battery is awesome , I bought this phone because of battery performance
Screen gets stucked while playing normal games also nd gets heated too.
The product fid not last for long and entered the black screen of death
Good nice product but I bought this last month already 3 times troubles
Power off issue all the time automatically, worst product from Samsung.
Worst mobile had ever seen , it's getting struck all the time
Screen become blank . phone does not  respond quickly. Hangs alot.
Battery life good and camera quality not good $ data networks very slow
Not worth for money. Waste of buying it. No cam clarity
My front camera is not working properly
Finger sensnor having low recognisation
Picture regulation very low it effects on eye
My piece was foulty
According to battery capacity 5000mh Battery life not good service
Good
Good
Not good if you are up to gaming.
Mobile getting hang not able to use and screen touch problem..worst phone
I like a this brand But i disappointed invest this brand because every feature is fake.
Tripple time faster charging is completely wrong.....very very slow charging....
Extremely poor ,the charger provide with the phone is not fast chargjng
I AM NOT CERTIFIED THIS PRODUCT ALL TIME NOT SHOPPING IN AMAZON
Mobile hanging not good Quality also not good  display broken please don't bay
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good in this price range
One battery life is good
Not worthy
Heats up on long use. Dont recognise memory card.
Not haveoption to del duplicate contact number
Not upto the mark
Good product.
Phone sensor problem display no touch but automatically any apps open
Worst UI. Phone hangs always...
Worst phone ever, lots of issue
Mast
Bad mobile
Not a lightweight mobile and also not so user friendly
Handset heat & receiving call at a time high&low sound
The phone is not working properly and keeps on hanging
Poor quality of camera , battery and software system .
Whatever I thought about this phone not good battery charging very slow.
Bekar hai
Wastage of money. Bad screen quality, not good battery backup.
Worst phone. Phone is very slow. Trust me dont buy this phone.
stupid ads keep coming up and fingerprint sensor is just worst
This mobile have speaker prlm... Speaker is not working..
I like battery backups but I don't like camera and back design
Pls do not buy worst mobile company manufacturers worst mobile
Battery heat problem . Slow response . Fast battery discharge.
Best products in Samsung
Only the look of phone is good rest all is average. Good phone for normal use
Avg processing speed. Littlebit paused working
This phone will be much better in android 1 os
Front Camera is not good as given. battery life is superb. Sound quality is best.
I don't like this product only because of its camera quality.remaining features are excellent.but camera is very poor.
Theek thak
This phone has hanging problem.after one week this phone is starting hanging
K..
Phone heat up quite fast while charging and also while talking fo long time
Camera quality is very Poor. battery life is very good..face unlock very slow..
Mobile hanging problem
Money waste mobile Don't buy please. Mic not work  .
Mobile is overheat charging time Selfy camera quality is not good
Absolutely worst product I want to return/exchange this product please
Waste off money having sim slot & signals  problem Please help me
Its good phone with the price the battery life is good n fast charging
Samsung Galaxy M 20 major hanging problem also fingerprint slowly work
Color of right upper side screen is abnormal. It is distracting views.
this device is not charge fast and some time charging stop plz help me
Camera is not good..very bad picture quality .i didnt expect this
Very worst phone I ever seen in my life very disappointed with a phone
Camera is not up to the mark, Phone is sluggish.. hanging some times..
mobile heating while using...while charging also mobile will be heated
Sirf 6 months k andr mic loudspeaker khrb Heating problem wo alag
Not upto the mark...fingerprint scan is v slow
Not a good phone in this price
I am not satisfied by M20 because  its slow processor and hanging problem
Samsung disappointing from this device. Design of mobile is not good
Good
This phone hangs frequently...i recommend not buying
Worst touch screen and finger print as its 5000 mah battery worst battery  packup
Camera is okay but not that much great
Poor camera quality very cheap quality
Software little bit slow after update.
Bhut bekar phone hai bhut problems hai
Front camera clarity is very poor and performance wise also poor
Pls don't buy samsung m 20 Nertwork Problem Not getting internate Speed
Good mobile but When u cal a number some kind of stuck off in it value for money
Fingerprint sensor doesn't work up to the mark. Processing speed is also slow.
Mobile is nice but packing is very bad and beak devices can broken or damaged. Improve packing.
Camera is not good
Notification light is not present in this handset and speaker volume is slow
This product not ok
Yes
Better and sound
Battery not good
It hangs. A lot!
Looking not good
Don't buy please
Very very hiting
Awesome battery backup but poor camera quality.
Very bad experiences on this mobile... Batterylife is not there
Not able to recongnise any Sim card , hence not able to call or receive phone calls
Good
Things are not, whatever manufacturers promise
Everything has good... Only the problem is heating up...
I have hear that no headset in the box.Is it True? Can anyone suggest me.
Hardware issue.. worst product
Competition phone from samsung
Screen touch non responsive at times. Right from day 1.
Phone gets hang n touch screen not working properly .
Don't waste money no fast charging not worth of money
Likes battery backup But no 15 w charger dislike
It's good looking and budget phone in Samsung mobiles
sound quality is worst.....specially of incoming call
Phone is good at this price.. but my phone getting hanged frequently
Hate camera ....bakwassss ek no. Ka bakwasss camera .........
Heating issue is there...would not recommend this to anyone..
Unwanted multitouch is the only problem i fold in this phone.
Overall performance is good and camera quality is much better
Faulty .everytime different problems. Camera audio sensor etc
Like - cost vs benefit. Dislike - poor screen durability
Calling senser not working when we call them screen life off.
Lags sometimes. Slow internet.  Should have gone for M30
Over all mobile looks good and battery works well.. Camera quality is poor....
Battery is not up to the mark 10/7
battery and charging performance is very bad.
Mobile is not a good selection if u plan to buy because it hungs badly.
Don't buy
Rw rwr wa
My phone main screen glass has been broken, Please help me as soon as
It is hangs while phone rings, and lock button also not work properly
Dsnt wrk properly... has battery issues... calls aint clear n audible
It has been two months only and screen has got flickering problem....
The speaker volume is low,and camera features are not up to the mark.
Body of the set is getting  heated while charging. Around 60% battery
Camera got damaged spots on camera....it has just 5 month i bought it
Doñt waste your money Now Sumsang is giving bad quality product.
Camera is too worst. Taking too much time to open apps after tapping.
Good display, Good battery backup Bakwas camera, not durable....
Asking softwear update everytime...Camara quality is also very bad...
Fail model waste of money I will never buy Samsung products in future
I purchase mobile ofter 7days chraging bord replace in service center
This is hang problem and network issue in this mobile, lose off money
All is good
Mobile are some heating while playing game..more heating but mo. Processing good
It's worst mobile. Don't buy. This is the my first & the Last samsung mobile.
We have purchased M-20 on 23 July 19 and it Speaker has not working .
Almost deadly use after android 10 update. Its  a disaster. Completely useless.
West of money
Bad display and feel of touch is irritating. Please don't buy.
samsang is not performing good in reducing this problem of hanging of phone
Samusung phones don't buy friends my M20 is new mobile but its hanging
AFTER 3 months Sim 1 slot not working
Cost and specifications doesn't match
Good picture quality but problem with battery when charging .......
Very slow phone because its orignal Samsung
Picture  quality,  sound  quality,  battery  life  is above expectation  level.
Mobile hangs a lot. Processor is too slow.
Poor product. Also phone hangs.. just 20 days old. Very slow processor.
Good one
Not so good not so bad Go for other
Network, battery and camera performance are average not good and best
Finger printer sensor not working properly , face unlock is also waste
As I expect,I don't so think
Face unlock too slow. Fingerprint lock also slow Samsung always hang problem
The network is very slow. I'm very much upset on buying this mobile.
don't buy this phone.....cemera worest,display worest,worest,worest,worest
Performance of this device is very week leging is trademark of samsung devises
Ok
Mobile is too slow in operating....
Battery life is not as per expectations... Screen quality is also not so good..
Mobile is too slow worrest camera fingerprint is not working properly screen got dameged
this product are defective please change some defect . the mobile all time hit
Screen is very dull screen scrolling in 6 days very dull product pls dont buy
Only battery is good camera quality so poor......I am so dicipont,
Touch performance is not good.
Ok
Signal Strength Is Poor, Phone is very Slow, and Speaker Quality is Bad.
I don't  like this Its screen is to weak
Facing loudspeakers problems.. Phone damage dont buy another..
Camera and sound quality poor
Not using finger print reader
Only battery life is best, but totally worst product
Network not working properly
Dishlike
Please don't buy the Samsung it's waste product full hanging
Pathetic phone. Bad sound quality. Hangs a lot. Heat issues.
Frequent hanging during call receiving, rest features are ok
M20 is Awesome for its Battery servic. Its superb above all.
In only 2 weeks it stopped working.. Complete waste of money
Phone Hangs Finger print sensor is not working properly
Hpy
White coloured dot in the display
Good mobile for daily use i am a hige fan of samsung brand i am using samsung brand mobiles since 7 years
No eis video stabilization...hangs some time
Face lock will not work properly in this m20
Touch s not working properly n mobile s slow
Product is good but 4G volte don't work properly. Else very poor signal.
Hangs Sometimes Samsung should have to solve Hang Issue
Very bad
This series give me a very very dissatisfaction with its sound during phone call
This product is very bad becouse always heating and hangging problem
Mobile display suddenly gone without any accident only 4 months used
Battery life is gud and little heating is there while using internet
Battery works on 3hours. Internet speed  is low.  Bell is very poor.
mobiles is nothing bad but risky for use n not safe m sane for thief
Camera freezing some time camera not working nd set heating too much
Fingerprint sensor is and Camera is so so but Battery life too good.
Key pad not working and getting heat while talkking on phone in 2min
Buy another brand now a days Samsung is not good quality in product.
Face recognize is very bad and slow. Waste of money for this product
Touch screen is not responsive. Have to tap many times to open apps.
Worst , durability not up to mark.. Screen broke in single drop
Camera quality is good.  Battery life is wonderful. Hanging problem.
Slow processing phone. Camera quality and sound quality is not good.
Accessories are not good and this time Samsung not provide earphones
Only android phone, not any special features. Yes...Battery is good.
after one month not working speakers. no sound please help
Camera good,but video quality very bad YouTube and other sites,prosser minimum.
Screen not working properly....
Fake advertising. No fast charging. Battery drains so fast looks only 3000mAh
Heavy weight, poor camera quality and display, hangs offenly
this mobile also lagging as usual other samsung phone,a lot of network issue
only one and half month is only passed my mobile screen is broken ..
Not satisfied
Message center num.not saved Message not sent !!!!
Over all above Average in 10k budget
I am very disappointed to purchase this phone .its processor is very slow.
I can feel some what  little  slow in some apps.
Phone are Auto Functioned sometime. had a lot of proble for that.
Ok mobile....not so great
I was taken this phone on 16 Feb now phone is totally dead
Is mobile may hang problam hai bhout bhout Baker mobile hai ya
Pathetic phone. Hanging problem Some time screen got blanked very poor phone
Network is very slow  & face lock in not working
Very good mobile from reputed brand Samsung ... Samsung is king
Good no bad
Nothing much to write
Overall a good phone.
Cameras not better some issues in this mobile
💔bead product
Very worst product... front camera is very bad... I am very disappointed to buy this product..very worst
The touch is lagging I got irritating with mobile
Lot of hanging problem I m touching 1 app screen shaking opening other app
Very sensitive display fell down it was broken my repair charge Rs/_6235.00
Camera quality is bad compared than other mobile phones in same price
Worst product from Samsung..
Camera not good this phone..
IT has lots of harassing add
Camera Quality is worst, Network strength is worst,
Finger prints sensor and camera quality is not good
Hi it mobile look Wise ok but facing internet issue
Camera is not good compare to normal Samsung mobile
In one month phone getting slow and sensor is worst
Never purchase this phone. It bends in single touch
Go for redmi if you of purchasing under 12k
Does  not work fast charging...it take for full charge 6hrs
Wast of money Mobile hanging. Touch proper not working
Below avg. Camera, lags in simple day to day life operation
The touch screen is broken, need to replace with a new one.
The mobile is heating up.. and shutting down. Please advice
Product was hitting quickly. Moisture problem after 3 week.
But mobile hanging problem it's a very good mobile slim set
Received a defective product.. Not able to insert sim card.
Just Ok
Bakwaas
Phone fully stuck Don't buy this phone 100% I am not  suggestion
Good phone in budget with very good battery
Very bad exprience...not up to the mark ...
Only battery is good, rest all are bulshit.
Average product
Dont buy this set it's very bad performance
Inside the box there is no ear  phones Kindly reply the reason
Average smartphone Not gud as accepted Superb battery lyf
Resolution can be batter and camera quality is too poor as expected
Very slow processor in same price many good mobile phones are their
Very bad product , touch is not working.  Feeling cheated
Not very well phone ,battery is ok ok,and going hang within a month
New product showing Spot Towards right down and display not working
It's not up to the mark and very poor performance... really unhappy
Camera quality to be improve both front and back..battery awesome..
Finger print sensor slow action.compare to MI redmi not performance
Charging is a issue slow in getting charged others are best feature
Charging speed is as same as all other phones Battery backup id good
Face recognition is slow. Gets slow with increasing apps.
Ok
Fingerprint good But camera worst Battery nice one
camera wrost quality, and too much slow phone processor.
Fingerprint  reader is ok but face recognition  not good
pubg is not working properly...in pubg it has pagging issue
Camera is low front camera is waste
Battery is good sound is also good but camera quality is very poor..
Bad product.within 2 months my mobile display showing bad condition
Phone picture got black while watching vedio
It's not up to the mark of the Samsung brand
Good but much better
Only battery is good
My phone is switching  off and on during using time please  find the peoblem
Camera quality is so poor.. most 3rd class phone i have ever seen..
Touch sometime not respond , but good battery
Never buy it
 The phone has changed  please dont select
Face recognition is not working. What am I suppose to do in such cases ?
Worst phone.. don't  choose
Screen is freezing at times
According to price not good
It is hanging out, poor performance
Really disappointed with the quality of this phone
bettery is good but there are hanging problem
Camera quality is not so good as aspected in Samsung phone
Phone got dead within two days  Raised complaint
Heating problem, processing speed is not good. Hangs a lot
Pls dont buy dis product waste of money phone over heating
Takes more time for charging. It better to buy honor phone
Phone is very slow. It always hangs when someone calls me.
The processor got slow. Even  i am not using lots of apps.
Display broken after 2 months of usage without dropping it
Very bad Phone camera is not good and phone is quickly hot
screen damage to 30 Days very poor quality of life screen.
Betty Drening fast Mobile hanging during call  details  checking
Faltoo
Good👍
Fast charging problem no fast charging west mobile don't buy this mobile
Charging  sume time is very fast and sume time is very slow
Networks problems like low signal strength  even camera quality is so poor.
It get hanged up a lot
Tuch working very poor, bad camera quality
Processing unit very slow. Hang many times
An average phone ..not even value for money It's too thick !!
Too much expectations but finally it's not beyond expectations....
Phone is slow in comparison to the other phone in same price range
Battery backup is very low and battery charging time is very long.
Phone Brightness is very poor.. sometimes hang problems occur
This is not good morbile not good sound quality  not good battery.
Phone have bad quality sound, no fast charging and bad performance
Mobile display very week. My mobile samsung m20 display is damage.
It has hanging problem Other thing about the phone is awesome
samsung m20 mobile sanser not working and fingarsanser not working
In 8 months Battery performance damaged. Very bad experience.
Keypad and navigation button are not working properly. Quite slow.
product camara is not working  very bad i dont know ho to exchange
Very bad quality Amazon products poor item is this online shopping
My phone is hanging all the time amazon gave me a worst product...
I got a damaged piece In which the camera was already cracked
Screen broke after using for 5 days don’t buy this phone
Very poor and  worst quality of camera.image feel like ordinary mobile and pixal is spread out  when video calling
I dont like camera and screen clarity and its UI
Very good phone battery life better honi chaiye thi
Not a great product, but average
Product is average battery life good...camera quality very poor...
Evrage parfom
Food but battery backup notw good
Camera Quality is cheap.. Battery life is good..
Worst phone I have ever purchased.
Camera is good, kind of slow phone
Face lock dosent work as expected.
Very very bad phone against others
Good connectivity but poor display
Good
Mobile networking only 3g opection  grako ke saath bhut bada dhoka
Good
Siganl strength is not good in this phone mostly time siganl lost while call
Cheating for credit card emi
It have problem of heating. It heat during charging and while playing games
Max good
Like. So beautiful mobile.
Its not charging properly Poor product
Nice product
Star ratings
Not good phone, it is shutdown up full battery drain.
Not that great experience
Good product but the screen ratio is not perfect. Water irresistant
Hang Issues while using the mobile in Normal chat and other application
Average phone,should go for other alternative
Fingerprint and camera quality  is good ,but it's battery life is too low
Very poor camera quality
There is no fastest network speed for this mobile
Too much hang Waste of money No service
Touch not working properly
I got the product unsealed
Camera quality is decent. Fingerprint sensor is bad.
Not purchase heavy users. Hanging and very Slowly working
Mobile apps automatically getting started without opening
Display is not good HD as expected... Camara very dull...
Its screen quality are very poor.its coming out of mobile
Looks good ,but gets heat up ,,wen it is put fir charging
Back camera quality is super but front is not good processor is not good
Charging takes 3.5 hrs.....Not fast charging......It's fast draining
Ok product..Old manufacturing date.
Delivery partner amazon very bad response
In one Sim slot only 2G Network working 3G,4G network not working
Camera is very bad...but less radiation.suitable for aged people.
Product is good but charcoal black looks more like dark blue ....
It takes almost 8 to 9 hour to full charge and discharge quickly.
Good battery, finger print sensor is not accepting and avg camera
Battery not work like a 5000 mAh battery drain for sometime usess
Mobile not recharging properly and call will be cut automatically
Touch problem. can,t Adjust touch settings for smooth performance
Performance is tooo bad. No quality in speakers. RAM speed slow..
like : display, battery didnt like : plastic body, processor
Very bad experience by Samsung brand... Low value bad experience.
No this is the third class product I don't like this product
The battery is not working 5000 amh .fast charging is not working
Phone gets stuck a lot of time only after 2 months. Not very good
Very bad product.. Hang problem in only one month after buying 👎
Battery life is best quality Not captures  slow motion video
Not satisfied with this device.
Led screen brightness issue as its take long time to become bright.
Samsung mobile structured. So many times. I loss of money 3000 Rs
Backside housing material is worst like low class plastic is used
Dont buy this phone....it has lot of issues.....some other products  are very good..
Battery is getting hot very fast.
Issue with dual sim functionality
Phone or overheating after 45days
Good
Heating problem and ghost touch issue .
Not good then other  bamwas fone don't buy.....network issue
Phone is too weight compared to other rivels. Not liked it much
Slow responce , finger-print sensor not working .
Good battery performance
Bad quality body Not at  all upto the mark of Samsung
Better
Bad phone hanging lroblem..no any help sumsung care
Front flash is not there to take selfies
Hanging problem, freezing screen, ghost typing, multiple application opened
I bought this on 10th March now it's hanging very badly 😡
Average product...
Ok
Avg product
Not so good
Worst phone only battery is good remaining all are worst
Apps are not working properly and as well too slow.. after 1 month use
Don't buy Samsung m20 mobile ..very worst product..
Worst experience in this mobile Over hanging worst worst mobile
Quality of the phone is not good
Camera quality is not good and getting struck
THIRD CLASS ...FAST CHARGING NOT WORKED, HANGING
Samsung reduced the price as well as the quality
Worst ever camera Last i used j7 Pro best camera
It overheats while having a call and lags a lot.
3x faster charger not working.very very very slow charge
Battery need to improve. Working like a 3500 mah battery
Samsung phone is very bad phone pls Samsung phone mat lo
Amazon delivery is best. But Samsung camera is very bad.
Network issue problem and bad response from amazon customer care
Touch is not working properly. Also gets hang sometimes.
phone 15 day after  display  not working heating problem
Heating problem in normal use other wise handset is good
Working is slow. Face reading also slow.
Sound quality is not good
Camera is not at all good
It's not "FAST CHARGING".
Charger have some problem
My phone sometimes automatically touches messages from key board unnecessary Touch screen over keyboard is problem
Battry backup vry good. But phone vry slow working , hang many times.
Mast
Value for money Happy with it
Good
nice
Good
Nice
Nice product  battery life is good camera quality is good
Fingerprint reader is very slow or some times fails to recognize
I like batter backup but the screen touch is really disappointed
Don't buy this...display flickering issue after 1 month of usage
This is the most rubbish phone i have ever bought in my lifetime
Battery was good. Fingerprints is good. Camera quality not good.
These phone have excellent quality other then all Samsung series
Iam getting a ringtone problem  , the product is not as expected
It is hanging during call receiving and in many other operations
Mobile is overheating more and more time and then switching off.
Battery is very good, cameras is average and fingerprint is good
Camera & battey quality is good but there is a problem in touch.
Fingerprint is almost good cemra is best and battery is so goood
Selling fake product no one come to pick up product after return
Fake mobile always problem create mobile I am unhappy  is mobile
Phone getting so heat while using and want to change the device.
Battery  problem  arising  within 15 days  automatic  discharge.
i'm using from past 8 Months phone was strucking from 1Month....
Camera quality ,speaker quality & screen touch quality very poor
hanging...and touch screen also problems
Phone lags so much after use ofv3 months
Waste of money..just go for oppo Mobile.
I am using this Phone from 15 days it is not good screen is shaking
Good
With in 1 month got repair . Having issues in motherboard ...worst mobile
Good
screen freezing problrm and ghost touch not repairable by service centre
phone is good but its very heavy in comparison to others
It could be better.
Not the best in this segment, but average plus
Good
Camera waste
Battery life and camera not good
Mobile is hanging it's very slow
Worst product. Low quality. Hannging issue, touch problems. Not satisfied
Poor charging..takes too much time to charge.Not at all fast charging.
Not worth at all. Have ordered and both time product was faulty
M20 is not good.  Phone hanging  problem.
I have been using this phone for sometimes now. Finding it good
Bhot Hard nahi h.
Nice phone
Bad camera
Camera is not good also the sound quality is very bad
Pathetic phone, hangs all the time and irritates you like any thing
Worst product Very slow charging 100%charge  9 hours time and no return no response
The mobile is hang so much .when you click on any app it not get open.
Mobile is over heat watching video  . Please give solutions to mobile
My display not working unable to touch bad mobile baterry speker
Very bad experience from this Samsung cellphone
Battery pack is not good,  worst camera clarity
Performance is very low..call reception is good
All over good but hang problem mostly make it unusable.
Its hanging problem starts in 1 week after purchasing .
It hang alot.. now's day please don't go for 3GB ram...
PHONE TOUCH SCREEN IS NOT WORKING, EVERY TIME ITS HANG.
Nice experience and good quality features
Network signal very poor
Waste phone always hangs
Battery as not good compare to 5000 mah .
Not up to the mark
Worst  phone never buy,  always  hangs without  any app loaded
Not Worth for Value, Don't Buy, Mobile is Dead in 10 Month's
Low
Bad
Hii
The phone get hanged recently .Its only a month ,i purchased the phone
Nice camera quality, performance is 3/5 Display 4/5 Battery 5/5
Phone doest not working.. No suitable initiates taken by amazon
this is worst phone hanging problem is same in samsung product.
Getting too many ads and virous in samsung mob. Never buy.
Very bad product battery life is very short & figure touch poor
Battery backup good but camera is not satisfied my expectations
This phone will hanging problems please correctly by doing this
I dont like the front camera at all....other than that i luv it
I'm not able to get the net connection after installing the sim
Very bad because warm problem and hanging after software update
So much heating Start hanging after several apps installed
Camera is poor am suggesting my friends to not buy this product
This device has charging problems, Sometimes it not charging...
Not as expected. Mobile is very slow. Not value for money.
ITS HANGING AT NEW STAGE ALSO.SAMSUNG PHONE IS NOT AT ALL GOOD.
Fingerprint reader was damaged and i have requested for new one
Touch is bad Camera quality worse Battery life normal
Within 2 months the display is giving problems..there are lines
Playing games to hitting mobile  and Camera quality is pooar...
M20 front camera is so bad . I will not satishfied this camera.
I exchanged my vivo x21 by mistake and bought this Samsung M20.
Fingerprint sensor is very poor and phone hangs very frequently
Ear socket has some issue comes anonymously  sound during call.
NOT GOOD BATTERY BACKUP AND ACCORDING TO PRICE IT IS A NOT GOOD
5000mah battry working 4000mah battry type, face look very fast
My phone display is not working,  what about warranty?, tell me
Overall mobile is good but worst camera
Charger stopped working within 2 months
Sound and camera quality is not good :(
Battery drean quickly and touch problem
Samsung is good product value for money
Touch screen problem found after 4 days
Hanging problem started within 2 months of purchase. Please don't buy
Battery life is not true, it drains fast and run 2-3 min after 15-10%
Mobile is defective. Not working properly. Screen touch sensor not good
Bad
Camera clarity is not good Please exchange my mobile phone
Camera is not good and there are lines are appear on the screen
Worst model from Samsung, waste customer care From Amazon......
Big screen and big battery life. Fast charging
Totally waste of money ...camera quality is very low.... and hang problem never ever end in samsung mobiles
Quality not as expected.phones hanges..
Bhut jldi heat ho jata h 5min ki calling pr bhi Calling m prblm
Very junk apps which can not uninstall. App lock app is not given.
Some times hanging this mobile.
Network Issue Not at all happy with the product.
Battery life not good & camera quality lite good........
Battery backup is good but camera quality is not up to the mark
3+32 varent dont buy slow processing camera qualty is leary bad
This phone is cheap and best🖕
This Mobile  create so many problem in 2 months so boring cell phone
Average performance in all the way
Phone is unable to catch 4g network. Major issur of 4g network
Camera not clear
Expensive
its hang a lot i sold it just after 1 week of purchase
Automatic Restart problem
Average product, poor processor good display. Ok in camera
Good however processing is slow.
All are good but take same time to read first greprint
Charger slot is not working , waste phome from samsung
Little bit hanging  after installation  of application
Screen geeting hang even while receiving incoming call
Mobile services not good all over performance very bad
Touch is poor Apps move up and down automatically
Mobile services not good all over performance very bad
Bad performance. mobile phone is hanging issue
Mobile is good but not reached my expectations
Camera is not classy. Heating problem is also.
Its been just 2 months and its hanging so much
All features  are not upto the mark...please don't  waste your money...
Over all ok phn but as brand I was expected much more quality.
I sell this on next day
camera quality not good
Battery life very poor.
Overheating and hanging
Too slow in every manner..... don't buy it at all
Worst camera and hanging problem
Ok
Ok
Battery charging is poor n’ it’s sometime not taking charge 😡
There is only one month i used M20 and it has hanging problam.
Display in case damage replace cost is 50 % of phone cost.....
Battery backup is good But handset is too heavy in weight
Camera quality  it's  very  poor m20 mobile I don't  like this
It's not good ,not working properly 😑,unable to hear the call
Worst phone and no service from Amazon as well as from samsung
Mera phone bahut heat karta h me product change kar cantata hu
Defective phone... Samsung break my trust... Very poor quality
Phone charger (adapter) is not good.not working in just 2month
Phone is fully heating for using 30 mins don't buy this mobile
Phone gets heated near camera even if u use it for short time.
I can't download any application on play store please help me!
not good only average quality hanging problem only in 2 months
Fingers print sense speet to low Speed of hanset too slow
my phone display working itself sometime. other thing is good.
These phone are not so good . It’s too much hot after one hour
It's good for this price range. Sound quality could be better.
Friends Dont buy this  phone App problem  battery is 4hrs
You have phone of purchase please other phone purchase
Speaker to hear voice is sounds vibrating  while talk.
Product is good  but delivery  is late
Not a great phone. Bluetooth sucks. Hangs a lot.
Better
net use time back side heating and net slow running Hang problem
Not good
Speaker quality very  bad and fingerprint sensor poor quality.
Touch very slow  net very slow download also very slow
The network disappears in the mobile and calling/data can't be used.
Please friends don't buy this phone.battery and camera very bad
Good phone in this price range, want to update android version
Good
Getting heat very soon while talking or using.
hejeus
Poor battery and camera
Like a low quality china phone
Touch screen is malfunctioning within a month of purchase .
Stopped working right after 12 days of purchase
Poor Quality....
Buy only two days before but hang start
Real me 5 is beast as compared to it...
Ok
Used for only 10 days and it has started hanging every now and then.
Very Bad Phone.
Value for money
Bzjzzzzz
After the android pie update I am not able to view my incoming calls, I just get the ringtone.
Not worth fr money
It dont has double tap wake feature
Worst one
Avarage phone
There is problem in display... Screen touch are not work proper
Not good
go for other phones..no battry life, below avg camera
I have really never used Samsung phone like this M20.
Slow phone and face charging issue, camera is too bad
I like the phone But I dislike the back of phone
Better options are available in the same price range.
Worst product... Touch doesn't work properly.
It hanging a lot.mobile coloured is not fair.
TOUCH problem in this phone.. HARD TO TOUCH..
No fast charging and battery draining problem
Slow response of touch
Not like vevo and oppo
Camera sucks at night, live mode is also not good. Samsung really sucks.
Phone disconnecting on whatsapp call due to microphone issues
Fingerprint good Camera not prfct Battery life awsm
It’s screen display problem when I was purchased time onwards
Camera quality is not that good and charging is not that fast
Camera hangs a lot, fingerprint scanner needs lot of cleaning
Phone was not working properly...can u send the warranty copy
Like only brand name!and desing.and all others all really bad
Bed display resonance but amazon give best in delivery superb
Face unlock does not work .. Very slow Worst camera
this mobile is not guand  this mobile are processor very slow
Mobile getting switch off again again after 20 days of buying
Within 1 month this phone battery is taking 5 hours to charge
Product is not working properly  It has lots of problems
Very low quality perform,my phon m20 is closed automatically.
Camera quality is china mobile se v bekar... Btry life superb
Battery is ok .but performance is not good also heating issue
Phone screen quality is very bad. Phone speakers is very low.
The  phone  is started hanging with in use of one month only.
Battery backup not good & fingerprint recorder bed quality...
Good budget phone but little network and camera quality issue
Average
Worsed phone having heating issue....
The brightness suddenly dips down and becomes normal after few seconds. I am totally upset purchasing this mobile.
Fail nt recognition properly
Excellent
13000k wastage Money full hanging
Bad quality phone buy this phone wastes money
Not guod
Everything is good but....But weight is so heavy....
Camera quality is not good,mobile become over heating while charging
Low performance long time loading even app openings
Device heats up easily on usage of more than an hour.
Not a good product. Sometimes the images flicker. Hangs very often.
Heating issue.... lagging....phone perfomance is very slow...worst phone....never buy m20
I am very unhappy  purchased by m20 Battery performance is very poor .
Every bed mobail
Camra is not Good...I,m not satisfied
Phone is over heating while using net. I don't go with Samsung here after
Nice
This is  worst mobile in Samsung history.
Secondary back camera is not working
Processor is slow, lags a lot
Finger print scan really slow
Camera and finger not perfect
Bad camera and mo multi touch
I don't like my Samsung M20 mobile network problem & many other.
Too many lags. Unable to use heavy apps. Very disappointed!!😑
Worst front camera didn't recognize face in low light
It's really bad experience on Samsung first time west money don't buy save ur money
It hangs at times
Very nice phone but earphones not include it's nesssry  in the box
Not so good getting very hot
is not camera quality this is a fingerprint sensor not better
Ok
Don't buy it.... Waste of money... Camera quality is very bad
Not good phone
Battery worest
Amount is high
Camera quality
Good model for adults not for young one's...
It's ok
Not bad
Dislike
Not bad
Please sand the mobile Bill ganeshbabar237@gmail.com
Hanging issues n battery some times not charged fastly
It horrible  phone. Hanging issue is really disgusting. It is very heavy in weight
Hanging problem
Processing very slow and display is not good  and hanging problems
Hopeless phone...not even touch screen work properly
Not Found This Moblie Is Not Any More Samsung Moblie
Not that much h good,poor battery and touchscreen  .
It is on an average according to its  price range...
Over heat No battery life Poor performance
Very slow
Observing/facing touch issue and phone gets hang bit
Battery life is too good. Camera quality is very bad
Front camera sucks..... Lots of lag issues.....
In this day and age this product ,s  screen freezes,
With in 2 months charger got spoiled.... not working
Over priced. Should've been 6 grands lesser.
Not a good product for valueble for money...
Camer is not good ... super battery life ...
Lots of hanging problems and network issues.
Phone is very slow specially touch is worst.
Any time hang problem
Samsung can't be good
Phone hangs charging slow as described fastcharging3x
Hang problem , picture quality not better, selfi flash not available etc
Price is littlebit more then other competeter mobiles
Very bad battery life . Mobile gets hot early while working.
Bad battery, bad signal, bad speaker very bad camera quality
Dislike comment hanging problem like comment battery so good
touch is very poor. charging prblm camera is worst
No network coverage.. Poor network how to return this mobile
Display falt so plz change tha items Call me 9629916307
Can be used as secondary phone but not suitable in daily use
Very bad quality Battery getting heated in just 20 days
Fingerprint reader work well but in app it doesn't work well
Screen damage one month only and service center non warranty
waste of money, after sometime fingerprint reader r not work
Phone screen touch senser not good work otherwise best items
I need to service my phone it is not working I have warranty
Dislike due to handset not working in phone (any hands-free)
i didnt get correct solution from Service center or Samsung.
Some times fingerprint have doesn't working and very heating
Touch screen not working i have buy this mobile last month..
Processor is very low and camera performance is also too low
Worst phone at 13k. As all samsung phones till also keeps hanging.
Phon is running slow. Also it hangs.
This mobile have big network problem
The phone can't catch network easily
no protection if it dropped in water
It's good but S secure not given So we say it security is too low. But good
Very poor item. Don't buy it. Scratches happened on back cover
Its a only wastage of money . Very bad camera quality..
This phone is not good. It is always hanging. Please don't buy it.
Mobile have hang problem and touch automatically worked some time.
Varry wasth mobile hang problem n display auto work eny time
Super phone......... Display is very stylist and os is mind blowing.
Worst experience. Phone hands and overheats for every smalll task.
camera quality is bad network signals very poor in this product only
Worst phone.. no network reception with any network provider
Speaker not good performance
Camera very disappointing.....5k price range mobile have better quality cameras.
It was disappointing. It has started getting slow
Phone is getting hanged too much. Heating is more
Camera quality is not so good..no stablizer in camera
please don't buy this garbage phone.  very bad service.
Camera quality is good
speaker qualityis very poor,still i m waiting for ur response
Fingerprint sensor program, normal sensors probralm, battery backup ,
Processor slower than Resmi note 3
Battery problem charging problem so many problems in this product
Worst product
Speaker Became faulty within 1 week. Now the exchange window is closed.
The fingerprint is slow and I think camera quality is better
Plz frnd don't perches m20 this phone is high level network
Network issue
Heating problem,On call phone is heating very much.
Dead slow processing...strucked after used 6months.
Bad mobile  now  my mobile  have a display  problem
Mobile is good and all future and battery life good
Signal problem in airtel sim and voice  not clearly
Hang while pic up the call after updating software.
Phone is not working properly. Help me in replacing
Phone is Heating More....Glass is brokened slightly
Camera is like whitish, Screen is like a toy phone.
Screen issues Not a go to phone
hanging problem,this phone hangs really bad
Slow + hang + bad camera + slow Face unlock
Worst phone,only ads and pop ups are coming
very slow phone getting hanged continually
Network issue in this mobile
All ok...but price high valu
Battery life is good
Its an average model
Properly not working
Phone good not a bad
Henking
Good product
Too much hanging problem in the handset plz avoid to buy it
Getting lot of noise while talking... speakers are not good
Battery is good but camera and finger print  sensor average
Best budget phone . Improve display quality and touchscreen
Camera quality normal, fingerprint slow..
Camera worst ,touch very slow,display resolution  excellent
Samsung M20 worest phone camera plz don't buy this Product.
Phone System Hang Too Much. Worst Phone Ever. Don't Buy It.
Worse experience.. Worse software..really disappointed
In my opinion the mobile is best in price and it great deal
Touch screen not working properly.worst mobile don't choose
After 1day ...using it i feel why did i buy this product...
Wrost prodoct just to months mother bord issue Dont by this
3+32 GB has some lagging issues but overall I would say ok.
Hitting a lot while charging.. fingerprints isn't so good..
Face unlock very very poor performance and camera very poor
SO BAD MOBILE.  AND SO RUGH SAMSUNG CARE PROCESS IN SURAT
Hanging, hanging, and hanging....Connectivity is worse...
Touch is not working properly. Look is good. camera is also fine.
Not bad, average performance.
Worst phone , manufacturing defects
Good product especially for parents
Overall is good, but the phon is hanging on every operation.
Picture quality and performance are very bad
Touch is not working proper display quality is low processor slow
This not good...
Stabilization is poor. Especially front camera totally dissasted.
My phone's fingerprint sensor is not working, what to do ???
Hanging problame and auto screen change problame
Didnt like it. Not user friendly.
Poor display quality
What's image not clear and two month before charging peoblem
Getting stopped frequently, reason is that device overheated.
One of the worst product I sold it in RS 5000 only 5 day old phone.
This sat is good but camra is  candition low  bettary is best bukp
Phone is hanging frequently
Camera quality is not good.
Touch not function properly
Battery life is satisfactory..camera is good enough...
Average phone
Poor built quality as always by SAMSUNG!
Not working accessories 4month only that life time.
Slow phone and hanging problem display I want to change my phone
Not very good.  But in average.camera quality is very bad
OK ok
Overheating problem of such valuable brand phones.
Camera very poor did not expect from Samsung Brand
I m having network issue , internet is not working
Battery is the only reason to give  3 stars review
Wtf  I didn't received headphones with this phone.
this fone not worth to  buy. Hanging isseu
Within 3 month of usage phone stop working
Sensor is not working properly its useless
Except camera, all other features are good
Board problem..... Verst piece Samsung
Poor Camera quality
Ok only made by Samsung .. specifications are ok
Front camera not good quality and use Beauty plus and b612
Charger is not at all fast and phone hangs a bir rest fine
Not that much good.. but about to use of battery  its good
Touch response is very slow and battery life is not good .
Very bad qulatity .hanging promble. Faceing in new phone..
Phone has many preloaded aaps and advertising notification
This is dislike product because this very bad mobile phone
Sound quality is really bad on call there is a disturbance
Its only 7 month now my phone has become a hanging garden.
There are no proper net connection  support in this mobile
Charging is very slow i don't think this is the best phone
bery bad qualty phon..don't buy agian no one buy this phon
Camera quality is not good.this item not so useful😔😔😔😔
one of the worst product of Samsung please don't go for it
If you are luking for pubg and tik tok this phone is worst
Not a good phone baste of money camera quality is very low
Phone is frequebtly habging. Video is nit running properly
Camera quality is not so good but  battery life Is so good
This phone is best in this price.i m happy with this phone
Very bad product. It can't install app from playstore.....
I like this phone because battery life is good good camera
do not buy it it is so much hake it will not work properly
This is duplicate product . This is mixed with any product.
not A good product its Lowar All of them
Camera not as good
Good product Decent battery backup
Worst front camera in the segment.
Worst battery life. Charging issue
Good but not good as a expectation
Fingerprint sensor was to bad Battery life was to bad
Veryyyyyy bad product  noo colors In phone blackeshhh
In discription its listed 15 w charger and i received normal charger
Very bad....issue with my  display
Camera blur problem
Camera quality is not good
battery backup is very low
Good performance. Screen is 6.3inches but width of the display  is not recommended.  Length is good
Nice Phone Picture quality is so good Amazon service is awesome
This is absolutely absurd product, totally fooling customers...
Very bad performance don't buy these friends
This m20 is very heating issue Do not buy ram is very slow
Hang
The OS is getting hanged so frequently after 10 days of purchase
Touch was not properly working sometimes... Very slow responce
Worst and no proper support from CC
Gud but looking not better
Not good, but not bad
Charging issue.fon takes 4 hours to charge.sometimes not charging
Baker phone
Battery pur
Good
Good
Fine
Good
Good
Good
Poor
Good
Bad pice full hang
Except battery, nothing is there to write review.
Good for basic use and stuff Not for Gaming!
Very slow and need improvement in the processcer.
Not easy to handle due to broader screen coverage
Screen started flickering after 2 months of usage
The performance of the phone is below expectation
Not so good phone Repair 2 times in 3 months
Mobile is hanging ,and heavy not comfort to carry
Heating problem when watching videos
There is a heating problem in this phone.
Better than redmi and other Chinese crap.
Its vary noty phone ram is vary slooowwww
Very poor performance very slow operation
Don't buy this phone not the pubg mobile
Good
 Battery good
Disappointed with colour and battery is not with standing
This is worst mobile ever .. Don't purchase anyone..
Charging was too late to full It's not fast charging
It's worth 10K .. not more . Bad camera .. poor processor
Fingerprint not bad, camera good but battery life superb.
It is going to hang some times and running slow sometimes
This phone hangs very frequently. It is a biggest problem
Veryy bed phone dont purches m20 realy i am use this phon
front camera worst . fingerprint worst  ...waste of money
Good camera, average battery life, ok finger print sensor
Very slow process and hanging problem in this M20 version
Speed is very bad screen hangs many times not worth phone
It's like a average phone not god not bad.....it's so so.
Its average phone not so good but its ok as per the price
I don't think that price will drops 3 to 4k within a week
Fingerprint reader is good,camera average,battery problem
Phone always display moisture in screen. Unable to charge
Worst processor...
Camera quality bad
Worst product do not buy it
Hanging problem
Very bad product , donot purchase
Touch sensitivity is up to d mark
I don't like m20  2month back coming touch problem ..
Please Don't purchase the mobile.
When calling  to another  person  its voice does not hear
Camera quality down in 15 days date of  purchase compare to new m20 mobile.
Flop phone ever . Phone stopped working within 10 days. i keep clicking  on app  many times, but nothing happen.
Display average but good mobile
Nice
Screen not very sensitive to touch...rest seems ok as of now....
Issue regardig battery life of mobile. Switching of after and after
Average
Very poor phone, don't buy!
A phone mat lena bahut kharab bahit slow chalays ha
Face recognition is very bad. Some times call audio is very bad.
Received defective product. Sound quality very poor.
I want the purchase bill of the product Summer M20 Mobile
head phone not attached once a time amazon item very poor
Camera and screen quality not Upto mark
Performance is not great.
Camera bekar
Network problem always, Net not work proper, net going always slow
fully laggy in pubg .pubg players dont buy dhis phone jai pubg
very poor Quality.. what's app are not running properly..
Ggvvs
Battery  is worst
Phone gets hang, poor performance
Most of time Phone hangs while operation.
Heavy and thick phone m not happy with it.
Mobile getting stuck....after 6 months facing problem with screen
Good phone nice phn
Its a new phone and phone is ready to hang, apps are stopped in the middle just waste of money
Damn slow device. Camera worst clarity. Do not buy this mobile.
Everything is ok
Charging take a lot of time. Sometime its hang also
Phone gets so much heated when we are on a call.
I liked its battery  but camera quality not good
Not bad but charger stopped working in one month
mobile headset not coming please send me headset
While playing games this phone heating too much.
Finger print and face lock is not that much good
Camera quality is very low. Waste of money.
You can find better devices in this price range.
Good phone with this price.
No Headphone and mobile case with phone.
Mobile gets very heated up when charging
Battery life better, camera quality poor
Fingerprint sensor better than s.g.note9
Network signal strength is too low, internet not working properly
The heating problem was to much while charging or  using
battery life is really bad and performance is also poor.
Not good to play games Bad touch response  for pubg
Hanging problem Repeated malfunctions Very bad
I have purchased zero cost EMI they converted emi or not
Battery life is some what less than what I have expected
After 1 months and 20 days my phone not charge up to 80%
Camera facility is not good and sound system is not good
Linning on screen coming and it's increasing day by day.
Battery life is not good It is not 5000 MAH battery
I will disappoint this m20phone..very poor quality phone
Nothing other than the battery is good about this phone.
Camera is average but battery is very good,average phone
I want a bill or invoice of my Samsung m20 mobile phone.
There is lacking secure folder and samsung pass feature.
It is not worth money. It is getting hang multiple times
Camera Quality is not Porcupine place return the product
2 time fault and repair in service centre within 1 month
It's  to bad  product  only  for camara is good  #slow  charging  # hanging # lock
Hanging like hell
Battrey gets drain out a little quick as compare with the size of battrey
Phone for normal use
Moral less good but not the best
Good mobile from a trusted brand
Phone voice clarity is not good.
Poor camera quality so many bugs
No clear picture....worst csmera
Phone hangs suddenly.  Low light photo quality is very bad
Good  mobiles  but 7 day  after  use the back  body was  discolour
Charging adaptor has been damaged, worst quality within1 month
Sound quality is so poor and camera cleartly nt good
Not bad
Nuce
Gud battery backup is amazing camera is gud fingerprint is also gud
Very bad product ,always hanging,face recognition not work properly, pls don't buy this product
This product is not good
Fingerprint is just luse
As Samsung camera is not
C type charger not supporting. Not used 1 year properly.
this product package slightly open at parcel phone box/
Good
Full of ads Can't control ads Worst experience
I want return the product
too heavy! poor camera quality.
Battery charging took 3.5 hours, it not fast charging
I believe on Samsung but display freezing and hanging issue from day one
Good phone. Expected a better one
It's not good price ok but samsung is changed to China piece
Nice
Good
Product is good And face lock is very bad
Very nice
Internet speed vary vary  low as 2G on full 4G network area. Also hanging problem
😝
Ok
Ok
Ok
Sometimes touch does not working
A small scratch in my mobile and I think improvements to face lock
Very bad product.Heating issue.Plz dont buy it.
Battery is good but front camera is very bad !!
For pubg good no lagging and low on face unlock
Camera quality is very poor as well as display.
Face lock &finger print doesn't work properly..
Worst product  and technical support also worst
Poor battery liye and mobile charge is local...
Iski perdormance slow ha and Picture Quality is also not good.
Camera is very dull.never buy this.
Hang horaha hai
Mobile started hanging from the first month of purchase
I have received a defective product, Please replace it.
WIll not encourage anu\yone to buy onlone throug Amazon
Poor camera And worst biometric scanners installed
This product does not work properly. Slow and  hanging.
Not good mobile , Huge heating , Camera also very worst
Ekdum bekar..... totally waste of money..... dont buy..
Phone is heated up and life of the battery is very less
Plz don't buy it I'm trapped Sam times display blinking
I am facing charging issue, please change the charger..
Don't buy this mobile because of mobile is very heating
Poor fingerprint sensor, slow ui, no problem otherwise.
Overall good product. But i better expect from sumsung.
Very tired phone. Lots of issues coming after one month
defective piece  . mobile is switched off auotmatically
Photo are not clear ,while zooming also local got tere.
Should be improved as brand name. Camera quality is low
Fingerprint slow recognition and poor camera quality...
Some hanging problem exists...But otherwise it's a good purchase..
It's internet speed slow compatible other smart phone
Worst phone ever
phone is hanging
Not to much good
Worst product touch works automatically don't buy it guys....
Good mobile but camera is lower
Faltu phone..is not 13000 phone
Not up to the expectation I had with the Samsung
Voice is not clear during conversation...it is horrible
my mobile is heating during calling so return my mobile
Mobile is going very hang...I m not satisfied
Dislike due to network  catch up issue & camera quality
It is the cheapest quality mobile phone, doesn't  meet expectations.  Unboxed mobile received
Ok
Camera quality not good
Charger....and battery some problem...please solve this
Selfie camera is worst.
worse product
Not good product.
Nice set M20 Samsung working proper and battery backup is very good
Very poor charging
Not bad
Hanging problem and 2nd sim slot is not 4g bad experience
There is no provision for input data in c type data cable/charger
Not good product.
Not worth
Camera  quality  is very disappointing  and horrible  fingerprint  sensor
Charging very slow and fingerprint reader bad work
Not good
Nice one
Not good
Ok phone
Very bed
Very worst smart phone I have ever used before
waste of money.  Handset hang always
Face recognition not good Average display
Very poor camera, average overall performance.
Bad product. Slow processing and Multitasking.
After using 4 weeks. Device is hanging problem
Heating up. After having 4gb ram it slows down
Battery charge not good, quickly charging down
Product was defective
Wrost features..only battery is good..
Phone hanging.  Not good this product.
Average phone, camera quality not good
Touch screen problem . Hanging problem
Camera quality must improve by Samsung
Network issues. The phone doesnt take network at all..
Its It's very difficult phone not working sd card slot
very poor product.sound quality very poor.low network.
Phone is excellent.  But service of Samsung is warest.
It's a good phone fingerprint is not bad but camra osm
Fingerprints reader is not good.  Battery life is good
M20 feature is good hang problem is coming frequently.
3x charging is totally waste its charge very slowly...
Fingerprint scanner not upto the mark, rest good phone
compare other company phone or Samsung  (same prices )
Battery poor 6hs only heating Camera poor quality
Battery life & camera is OK. Media volume is not good.
Not worth thrle money. Lot of other options available.
Only Battery and display is found better in this phone
I dont have bill copy and had issue with mobile screen
from 1 week my phone display colour comes like rainbow
My Mobile was hang .waste of money and waste of mobile
Phone is not working properly.. speaker is not audible
Touch screen is not compatible and some times hanging.
very poor camera quality. Battery Level Moderate.
Worst performance..Never ever recommend this mobile...
I love everything but the battery experience is worst.
It has very bad camera..
Worst mobile I ever seen. Very slow processor.
Worst phone ever and amazon service is too bad
not as expected
Headset is good
Hanging in pubg
Hanging problem
price for value
No resale value
Very bad Waste of money
Phone gets heat while using duel 4G sims and also while gaming
Battery drain issue and camera its too bad
Mobile is not changing just 1 month i buyed the mobile
Networking service is very bad
Very cheap product.dont buy.it has sensor problem
Dislike this Product main concern is camera quality and network connectivity
Battery life is very poor. Camera quality  is very poor.
Ok
Midium
Other than back camera phone is nice in the budget range
display problem... i hated
Phone getting much heat .  Battery  not much performs with a 5000 mah battery
Looking wise it is best.. But camera quality is not good at all.
Pls buy m30. The amoled screen is far better.
Camera quality is very low..... not satisfied after buying this
not a best of samsung product.
Front camera not good,
Battery  issue hanging
Network problem Hanging problem Battery good
Ok
Good battery backup, camera is not upto the mark
Abc
Phone every time hang .Its west of my money and no more speed at Rem.
My old Galaxy grand 2's  camera quality is better than this
the big problem is hanging every day
This phone hrats up very fast and touch is very bad
Only Battery life good and other things are below average.
Average phone but at good price
Okayish
Average
Not bad
Average
Dislike
Average
Hanging issue,Wrost product hanging issues don’t buy.
Face recognition is slow ,phone is getting he
Poor quality of back panel and camera quality
PHONE LOOKS GOOD BUT CAMERA NOT UPTO THE MARK
For full charge it takes morethan 5 hours....
Processor is not good... phone is too slow...
Mobile is changing when we are running 2 apps
Camera quality is worse and mobile runs slow.
Camera quality is good ... But system is slow
Voice disturbance during video calls.
Processor slow ,not as 4gb ram device
More and morehanging problem in phone
Average phone.. poor camera quality..
Camera quality could have been better
Product is good  but too much  weight
Performance is not good as expected..
Heat very fast,No voice speech typing
Charging is very slow. Got a bad pice
Does not show damages screen warranty
No Notification light and poor camera, waste of money
Worthless product battery problem from initial days .
Too much hot during work on mobile, fingerprints slow
Mobile gets hot quickly and poor quality performance.
Batter is very good but getting hanging....sometimes.
Camera quality is not good and mobile is slow working
This is very worst product. I don't like this product
this was switched off last night how can I replace it
Low price good product . Camera quality increase  ple
Display quality is good. Network issue is there.
Start malfunctioning after four months of purchasing.
Okay phone I have used MI phone's nothing like that..
This mobile hang (screen stuck )aftere only two month
Send invoice of this product mobile m20 samsung......
Phone Is not working now need to do repair or replace
wifi not working despite speaking to samsung support.
Samsung M20 isn't better phone Ghatiya phone hai
Very bed product because mobile display auto flassing
Poor signal issue and battery getting drained quickly
Worst mobile .please dont buy this ..I'm replacing it
I can't received my samsung M20 phone in earphone....
Phone is good..but charging adapter is not working...
Screen not good Some time operate automatically.
Camera has not good results. Body colour is poor attractive
you can go with redmi or realme
not fast charging, network problem
Average Quality as Compare to other Phones under this rang...!!
Improve camera
Good for price
Hangs sometime
Finger print working not fast
Fringed print sensor is worst
Touch doesn't sense properly.
Could have been much better..
Mobile phone hanging  problem
Ram 3gb.But runs like2gb ram.
Don't buy this product internet speed is very very slow
M20 is good only the problem otg not working.
Samsung claims for fast charging which is not.
Camera quality is not good
This phone is ok but network connectivity is not good
Good
picture quality  bad  battery life normal
I will not suggest any one to buy this cellphone.
Fingarprint sencer was very wrost
It's oky
I like ram speed ...and display ... compare to other handsets
Screen freezing problem worst phone ever from Samsung
Fingerprints not working properly
Not good
Graphics is so goid
camara is not good face not clear selfie is bed capture
Budget phone..
The phone is too good. Please don’t call us repeatedly for giving d feedback.
Quality is good  but i expect more better from this product
Charging full problem
Samsung is good . But  virson is old..
Not too good
Camera quality is too bad Phone is hack
Worst front camera. Go with any other phones with same price .
Dont buy this set...very slow , hang once in a  day
Bad pictures quality and worst camera ...  Don't buy this phone
Sometime phone getting slower.
Camera is not good as shown, slow Processing, heavyweight.
Finger print and hanging issue in this pho e
It's totally hanging mobile.. wrost mobile..
Touch screen not working without heavy usage
Literally bad product and bad camera quality
The performance is not up to the level of mi
Soo bad
Value for money
 Nice value phone
Heating Problem while using Internet
Battery doesn't last long as claimed
found hanging and screen not working
Good Battery life and camera clarity
Overall a good one for minimum use .
Poor display..and poor camara result
4 GB ram just big joke... mobile still hanging a lot
It's a big fraud my phone screen glass is the opened
Facing network issues, signal reception is very poor
Very very worst product in Samsung. I never expected
Phone display started malfunctioning within 15 days.
Device is Okh but Packaging of the Box was too poor.
Not good dishplay quality but see aankh main problem
Fingerprints sensor is poor,sometimes does not work.
Face recognition is not to the mark, delay to unlock
BTtery back up good but performance of mobile avarge
I got a deformed product whose side body is deformed
Camera is pathetic. Rest all is avg. Ads everywhere.
No issue till one month after that phone gets hanged
Touch is not smooth , network problem in this  phone
Camera quality is good and battery is also very good
No use of taking this phone. Performance is not good
Heat coming comes to charging time, finger print OK,
The product is not that good according to it's price
Camera quality not upto the mark, sometimes it hangs
Poor quality.& Amazon service not good. Bad service.
Dont order it. Low end & sub standard quality phone.
It hangs a lot and also the screen runs it's own sometimes.
Very bad mobile net use fully hits
This phone is allrounder phone its battery backup or camera and also dolby souround sound experience
Not impressed
Network issue
Nhi tha aacha
Not for Value
The worst phone I have ever used... Waste of money.Dont buy it
I wnt return my m20 Samsung  it's not working at all
Average quality. Need update
Hanging problem on this item
Not bad for this price range
started hanging within weeks
Sensor is not more sensitive
Fingerprint not working good
Battery good camera not good
U can easily get much better options than this.
Nice product but hanging problem for Samsung mobiles
Very worst device  received  from amazon replacement  issue
Was fine for a month then touch started hanging up quite often
Hanging issue
Camera image quality was satisfactory..PUBG not run smoothly.
Slow phone screen not working properly
Actually not so good
Nice btry backup and C type
Heavy Weight Poor Camera
Ok
The phone is not working properly.  Its getting hang
Overall the phone is good but network issue is happening.
I am not satisfied this phone..camera is very poor...
Ok but not satisfied
My phone is hanged within one month form service day
Battery is not good ..i m not intrested this product
Fingerprint is not working properly...bt phn is good
Some hanging problems but bettery is too good
Not 5000 mah bettery its running like 3000 mah bettry
Didn't like anything. Promised so much but delivered all normal
Not upto to mark
Charging problem. Taken 6 hrs.
good but its  not beteer to readmi note 7
Worst
Suddenly while charging it has been burned totally cheating
it never support other country sim cards , camera is poor.
Mobile is good but front camera is not good
Display full blank just 10 use werst mobile
Delicated phone...phone quality is not good
Instead of slow cpu, Overall a good product
Hanging problem started after वन month uses
Overall I am not satisfied with this device
Not a good mobile  battery back is very bad
time taking mobile in every application....
Average, fingerprint sensor is very slow...
Such a bad product please not take it
Product bad phone  heating problems
Dishpay not working after 1.5maunth
It average phones not Good nor best
Good mobile... Value for money
Call quality worst. Noone can listen to what i say.
Performance not good in pubg or good/high end games
Battery life is very gud . Week point is its sensor
Sometimes hang. Fast charger do not work fast.
phone bahut hi jada lag karta hi heating very hight
Not a very impressive phone cant even exchange this
This is good mobile in simple range but it is heavy
Good phone overall but lacks some important  skills
Worst mobile i ever used....Heat more than Iron box
signal issue voice is breaking and phone is hanging
Mobile is good only in look othethan waste of money
Speakers are not good but budget phone overall nice
Camera quality is third class donot bye this mobile
All over mobile is good but it's get hang sometimes
The product sometimes hang too much,and always heat
product is good  but , no cost emi is not converted
Fingerprint it is not better and phone is very slow
Battery 5000 mAh is not truly Charging problem
worst mobile no battery backup too much strucking .
Samsung old problem present Phone hang
Charger is bed quality
Touchscreen not good.. it's working automatically.
Good looking
Good battery
Simple phone
Hang problem
Overall okay
Waste mibile
Poor quality
Phone still ok but sounds and Mike quality is completely bad
The phone gets slow down after some time of usage..
Poor touch, heating problem
Sometimes touch not working
Phone proper working 👎👎👎
Screen is not upto the mark
Mobile Good.  But Sometimes mobile Hang screen Not work properly🙁🙁🙁
The touch screen is really bad. Phone hangs regularly
Hang problem
Waste of money better to go mi only
Samsung m20 is best android phone I like it no problems in any
I like battery and camera but mobile has a hanging issue and storage
Look wise... phone I like , But, it was hang device
Not good
Camera quality, processor, Battery life is average , not good
Image quality not satisfied to me..
Sound not louder...waste of time to buy this mobile
Best phon under 10000
Defective samsung galaxy m20 received.pls return my mobile
Hang issue , Slow performance, heat issue while play game
Often hanging......
Uou are very daffas
Software problem piece has been sent
Camera quality is tooooooooooooo bad
Bad experience Touch screen not working properly  🤨
I found heating issue,battery drainage and weight also more
Worst phone cameras not working properly and sound not good
Good
Nice
Okay
Good
Soso
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Nice
Good
Phone's battery is not working fine since first day.
Headphone Jack problem. & charging problem
All time changed.lock pattern not working.
This product is not battery life very slow
Really very bad experience with this phone
Display is good. Battery life is good
tuch screen not work properly hang problem
Its below Average  its performance is slow
With in 6 month mobile display was failure
Please request all customer do not buy this third class product
Don't buy this mobile its 3rd class mobile ever i bought
Overall good. Can go for this
Very bad this is a screen is dfult
Good product in this price sagment
Very poor products don't go for it
The battery bulged within two days
Display is not good, it fluctuates
I wouldn't like it, waste of money
Battery getting around 18 hrs only
Mobile is good but the product is getting hot alot
Very bad phone..bad fingerprint sensor,bad quality
Very worst. New phone is hang. Please return phone
Weight of the mobile is very high to carry in hand
Battery backup not good.. And hitting problem
Camera quality is very cheap, I don't like itt....
Fingerprint sensor does not work most of the time.
Mobile is very cool but selfie camera is very poor
Some time No network available when i use internet
Battery backup low according  to company  comments
Battery got hot sometimes  and phone also got hang
Every now and then it got hanged.touch is not good
I have not paid a 2nd EMI yet, but this phone hang
Phone is hot pan an getting switched off sometimes
Sometime screen is flickering for 20 to 30 seconds
It has grave network issue otherwise everything ok
I had ordered black colour and received blue one !
Waste of money....Lots of hangs and touch problems
Google  add aate h stop hi nahi hote wrote  mobile
Battery life is good. Selfi Camera quality is poor
Phone's performance is not good. Very slow in use.
Phone gets heated while Internet access is availed
Weak signal catching Finger print sensor weak
It gets warm while using. Also take long time to full charge.
I refer to everyone pls don't buy this phone in your life
Very bad product network connection bad and touch automatically work
I like the price of phone and phone performance is avarage.
Average Phone to buy looks average
Good mobile
Mobile hang
not so good
Nothing bad
Not so good
Worst phone
Nice
The phone stops working suddenly sometimes.Samsung Please Dont make garbage
Waste for money  very slow
Worst mobile at this price
Having  problems in charging..most of the time
Not good but not bad also
Not very good
Though mobile having battery of 5000mah it is draining very fast
Not worth phone is getting over heated on charging
phone is not in working and they dont replace it
Samsung camera quality better then other mobiles
One of the worst mobile in the price range
Worst phone I never seen in India dnt buy any one..
Camara
Poor signal reception. One of the failure phone from Samsung.
mobile charging time 6 to 7 hours long this is too much
I dislike this product due to its hanging always.
Product has a heating issue
Hanged and mobile will be a app any can open automatically
Wonderfull device makes everything possible
Samsung is not god
Good for light use
This is not saccse
screen is not good
Front camera is not good and another good.
It’s an average product but battery life is good.
Dislike
Screen is too much whiter But battery life is good
Phone get hot faster,phone get hangs.. .
Only good thing is looks, Performance is not up to the mark.
Useless
Like this product but after some time hanging problem in this device
Front and back Camera is very bad.  Pixels are not good.
Front camera  is very  poor. Don't  buy
No call sensor... It's getting slower in initially...
Poor processor
It is a used phone
Worst camera compare to this price range other products
Touch hard and system very slow Hang problem
Camara is not good,don't give this product
Battery faltu, design faltu, heat problem...
Bad
Avg
Back color  thise phone verry bad product
Not bad,  bt this phone not the rough use
Not water resistant....poor build quality
Camera would have been much little better
It’s making some crash sounds during talk
mobile sometimes hanging Samsung m20.....
sensor not fast camera clearity very poor
Finger print is good and camera very good
Good
Some time become hang, touch not good it's so so
Not value for money....picture  quality  is poor
MI is always Better option than Samsung
Good phone
Speakers not working properly, fingar not working
Camera quality very bad, finger print sensor slow
I think fast charging is not working in my device
Dislike because network issue, headset not issued
Waste mobile don’t buy Poor customer service
This mobile is very problems so don't purchase...
Completely  worthless don't purchase this product
The mobile gets heated soon.Battery quality poor?
Loudspeaker not work 30 days not work loudspeaker
Phone is very good but its screen broke easily...
This phone is getting switched off while charging
Auto Operating... Don't buy this product....
Phone is getting heat up every time you charge...
Over all a good product to buy online with Amazon
This mobile is bed.  I want to return this mobile
Image stabilization good" and "low light" not bad
Camara very poor quality , Otherthan avarege
Very Slow work this is not accepting from Samsung
Worst Phone plus worst Amazon Customer Care...!!!
No response quality is thardclass
The phone is not working properly
hang problem first month in start
Good phone but it hangs sometimes
Only phone & charger no headphone
Touch screen properly not working
Good phone but networking problem
Bad quality of all part of Mobile
Average phone in average price...
Some time very slow the system
Very Slow charging and battery life not good  Windows is slowly open
M20 Samsung phone hank problem is every day
Battery life is not good.battery drain very fast.
Poor touch
Ok product
Bed mobile
No quality
Heat up& batary backup poor... Finger print & face recognition is very slow
Mobile Is not satisfactory so pl contact with me 9034196608
Not handy also feel heavy
Camera Quality Not Good ,
Wrost display and camera.
Good
 problam
Very poor .. camera, detect piece  received.
Hanging badly..in 10 days only please don't purchase it.
All are good but some times tuch not working properly
Defective phone i got it from this seller
Camera clearity so bad , sound quality is low plz dont buy
Ok
Worst products I have ever bought.. disappointed me
Finger print reader is not upto the mark.
 Worst product
Good
🤪🤪
Not recognizing fingerprints veryslow screen open
Good phone
Dual volte slot nice and the phone is slow
Not upto the mark
Please contact me
HOW TO I REPLACE MY DEVICE BECAUSE MY DEVICE NOT WORKING
Camera quality is not so good battery very bad
Good
I AM DISAPPOINT WITH ITS BATTERY LIFE ITS DRAIN VERY FAST
Ok
Sabse bhatiya phone
Camera performance is very bad.
PHONE DAD AFTER CALL COMPLETED .....AGAIN NOT ON
I purchased  this product ,with in one month display has a issue,worst product by samsung
👎
No
Ok
Face lock is not secured it will be unlocked your picture
Just average. Not too bad. Not too good.
It is getting hanged , please replace it
Worst suddenly its off suring the charge
It have a heating problem while calling.
Samsung after sales service is very bad.
Very poor quality phone. No good camera.
not that much good but an average phone.
It is not as I expected..Network problem
No head set in the box.. To whom should I contact
Battery is very slow and the display id not good
Very bad product  galaxy m20 speaker bad quality
Looks really good and battery backup is awesome.
Within 3 months my battery 100 % lasts only 1 hr
Overall phone is not as expected. Not recommend.
It is worst product at this range. Go for others
It's battery is soo good it's sound is very slow
3rd class product and Amazon replacement service
Not at all a good product  Dont but it
Only 4 months use and mother bored damaged.
Vvv bad phone pasa khrab ho gya is phone ko laka
Worst phone. Not working just after 10 days
Not a goog good product display tuch big problem
Very bad quality in 2 month mobile Will hang out
The worst handset we opt.... Don't go for it....
Worst in world Samsung ,charging and signal poor
Battery life perfect but mobile camera is not ok
Very bad product. Many times hanging the mobile.
Okphone  But low light cemera not good
Phone Software problem , App Was not installed ,
Phone quality good but camera parfomens not like
It hangs always. touch quality is very very poor
Worst product and poor quality better to but A20
Getting battery charges taking more than 5 hours
Received a defective piece....sim tray damaged..
This is very bad mobile becoz of hanging problem
Don't waste your time & your money Very slow charge
Bad product camera is very low body is very week
When use the mobile phone vere heating the phone
A good Device with old processer
Good features but useless camera
This product quality is not good
Heating 52 degree to use 2 hours
Phone dead , after using 10 days
Good phone with Samsung quality!
Not a  good product to purchase.
today my phone is not charging. since i have bought feb 6
Look wise good. The major issue is Hanging
It is very bed phone of sansung..it is hangging badly.
Yes like this phone ...value of money
Batrry is gud but prossesor is not gud and 2 kaudi ka phone
Network capacity isn't good..very bad connection
Dislike..
Low speed
Jio sim doesn't work properly
Improve camera quality..
Front camera is not good
Lots of Improvement need
Ek dum bakwash phone hai
Worst phone from samsung
Product is too heavy and heating problem
The phone hangs a lot....very bad buy
Camera quality and fingerprint reader is not working proper
Charger problem it is takeking tim e to charge
Very good but hanging ho raha hai please call me urgently.
Very worst phone .phone hanged frequently.
good
Though it is 5000 mh but it doesn't last enough time.
Hanging phone
Not good product. Only low budget phone nothing good.
Moderate
Guys please do not buy this mobile as its getting hang
Utter waste invansion from samsung
Quality is best battery🔋 backup is weel allwest
Slow charging 1 hr i have charged but 3 percentage ..
Screen is not very good but a handsum mobile in ds range
Garbage, trashy
very Bad product
Hang this mobile
Slow hang mobile
Waste of money..
Hangs every time
Hanging problem.
Not for camera..
Please don't buy
T5uuhfsshjiitrfv
Not good quality
Touching issues sometimes not responding
Heating issue and hanging problem
Excellent phone..excellent battery backup
Mobile phones is better but camera is bad
Nice phone
Worst product Don't buy
Battery life is good but camera and fingerprint not good
Camera quality not good. and speakermode calling very bad quality. Slow processor.
Not good it should be 0 ⭐
worst display and camera features do not buy this product
I like display and sound quality fast charging dislike body material
Its hang again and again... Dont buy...
Phone networks slow and lightly hanging
Worst charger,  Charger is not working.
I recommend everyone to buy this  model
Touch doesnt work properly. But its okk
Not worthy, worst phone ever by samsung
Product started hang within one month .
Display and touch not working properly.
Very bad product plz not buy this phone
Camera quality not good and not suitable for Pubg gamer
phone is mostly sutable for the parents porpose
RAM is not up to Mark and very slow performance
Handset is having touch screen issue from Day 1
Fingerprint is slow Face unlock not secure
Bad experiences..net processing speed very slow
Totally Mobile is Waste Money time all is Waste
Camera in not good, Hang  on maximum time,
Touch sesitivity of display is not working good
Fingerprint is not working.. help me  to fix it
Look is not as compare to redmi,  hanging issue
This phone was lagged after you giving 4 gb ram
Poor quality all around, phone hangs frequently
Too much hanging problem without any app in it.
Not Good Fingerprints Sensor and Camera Not bad
Hanging problem occurs after 6 months of buying
Camera is not so good. Voice breaks during call
I don't knw why its phn battery is too much bad
Overall 1star Rating .. Camera is disgusting...
Network problem Touch not working properly
Touch is not good and performance is very slow.
Few minutes of video call heats up the battery.
I got damage piece.I want replacement for this.
5percentage charging taking 30 min worst mobile
Phone is running slow but all phithure are good
I didn't get 5% ICICI bank Debit card cash back
The phone is extremely slow. Regret buying  it.
Front and rear both Camera quality is very bad.
I am not able to enter my SIM card, please help
M20 price to high compering other mobiles brand
Front Camera bekar h battery drain hoti h jaldi
Nice mobile but battery going downfall fastly.....
It get hang and heatiNg priblem
Don't purchase very bad handset
Mobile hand and charging issues
Samsung disappointing as always
This phone is very good looking
Really very poor camera quality
Phone is getting hanged again and again
All is likly good but some time hang it
Camera quality is a  very bad ..
Mobile Box received with Damage condition......
Very bad
Not good
Camera k
Not good
Not good
This Mobile is good but main problem device is hack
Camera quality is not as expected but battery is good.
Not very good product
Camera quality very bad
Not so good as expected
Camera worst rest is ok
Overall rating- Average
Unable to open SIM TRAY
Mobile some times stuck
Overall thik thak hi h.
Not so good as aspected
Software update and ads
LCD Screen cover without having gorrilla glass.
Mobile it's ok not fast very slow
No Slow motion Camera, front camera is OK.
Not good
INTERNET SPEED DEAD SLOW MOBILE FAILURE
not worth
Battery charging very slow not quick battery life not good
Got a defective pc Proximity sensor is not working..
Speaker quality weak and sometime face mistake at speaker
Dis like
Finger print sensor is too worst
Very slow in loading apps añd lags in simple uses
Worst product not expected from Samsung
Hanging problem and automatic typing bad experiance.
Ok
I liked battery backup phone looks good.
Hanging problem
Bad performance
Battery problem
Don't recommend
Faulty speakers
Not as expected
Hanging problem
Hanging problem
Camera not good
Not totally satisfied with this.
It lags a lot
Front cam is not upto the mark as said in specs...
Looks china quality camera..  and struks while using
This is very bad because  it's once switch off then not on
West for money Camara very poor .....no clarity  pictures
Bed Samsung m20 phone
All features are good only camera quality is average.
The phone started lagging the day I opened and used ... horrible experience !!
Good mobile but Camera quality is bed.
Sencor & touch is not working properly
This rang not bad idea.  It's good ...
Some error are coming when fingerprint
Failure mobile don't buy thise  mobile
It is strucking at the middle of using
Mobile hangs very much n it is slowest
Worst phone... Touch issues in a month
Camera not up to the mark hang problem
Give me my original cash memo to email
after 8 months im facing hanging issue
Mobile detect, amazon service very bad
Good but camera quality is not so good
This product had bad quality of screen
Battery is good... Camera poor quality
The worst product i have ever seen in my life
This mobile is not good.i want return this mobile
Worst mobile in my service
The phone isn't charging,seems battery problem
Not good as per price, mi and realme is better
Fingerprint reader is not that fast n accurate
It's good but his fingerprint sensor is slowly
good look but hanging problem still in samsung
It heats up too much.battery life is excellent
after 10 day using mobile screen stop working.
Received used mobile, please refund the amount
Like battery back up Camera is really bad
Do not purchase this phone speaker is pathitic
Useless mobile, it got repair in 1month itself
It's not so big show it's better to buy realme
My phone have screen problem. Screen darksport
It’s hanging a lot how can I replace my mobile
Finger print and face detector are not working
Finger print and face detector are not working
Touch screen is very poor .tell me what to do.
This product is very bad Both a r hanging
I do not think Samsung make such a bad product
Camera qulity low and battery quality not good
Sound quality is poor but battery life is good
Some times automatically star another function
Battery 81% to not increasing& over heating ..
Mobiles phone heating in calls and net on time
Facing multiple issues regarding the software.
Getting Hot Backside. Not satisfied by product
I have order charcoal black but i got the blue
The product is good but the handset is missing
Battery life is good but phone is work slowly.
Camara performance is not good
Waste money to buy this mobile
In the given price it's better
Speaker issue. DONOT BUY.
Finger print not that accurate
System was hanging some time .
Looks like little cheap mobile
mobile is ok but price is high
started to hang within 15 days
samsung service not good this product automatically hanging
Battery is good but display quality is very poor
Keyboard & Touch & Bettery problems
Not so good as it is advertising,hangs often...Service slow ....
Not bad
Just ok
Just ok
Not bad
Useless
Screen rans automatikly some times
Worst product..Hangs too much.. Don’t buy..
Wastage of money
Battery Life very poor
Battery Backup & Camera Quality is not good this price
No fast enable option to improve phone quality
Display in not good  ,its cracked in one drop.
Very Bad mobile
Worst phone, I can't play pubg in this 10k phone.
Camera quality waste.
DISPLAY NOT GOOD CAMERA WORST SLOW PERFORMANCE
Kachra kabada phone in 10999
Good
Like it much but not to much
Good
Battery Problem After 05 Month
Within 2weeks speakers stop working
Within a month power buttons not work properly
Fingerprint reader is slow Not charging tha battery
Came with touch screen issue. Worst product.
Phone getting  hang and screen touch problem dont buy
Not that great
Network issues
Nothing to say
waste my money
Camera quality
Waste of money
Worste product
Average
Touch not good
Slow processor
Front camera is not satisfying else everything is ok
Nice
Mt lena bhai bahoot hi ghatiya network problem  hai....
The front camera is not good .its an average phone.
Worst phone u will get for that money
Poor
VERY BAD MOBILE NETWORK ISSUE AMZON NOT RETURN MY SET,
It's taking too much time to charge the battery
This phone is having hanging problem.
Battery backup(5000mAh) not satisfied
This phone is best for 2015 users..😄
Very bad experience third class phone
I hv probm with my order plse help me
Please check the quality of products.
3 times service center but not secess
Superb battery camera ok overall good
Nice phone. Though sometimes it hangs
dislike she to screen and touch issue
Everage
The mobile will hang or late will making call
The phone got stopped working within 2 months
dont buy my mobile currupted with in 4 months
Best ph over all but  glass displace was poor
Heating issue,battery Not looks like 5000 mah
Camera quality & battery performance not good
Very poor product and poor service by Amazon.
Not by this mobile hanging problem main issue
Hanging problem.... front camera not good....
A decent mobile phone with good battery life.
Product is better but tax invoice is received
Camara quality is not upto the expected level
Even Samsung has done a good job with sensors
Camera is very poor... And phone is too heavy
This product is very bad not working properly
Without earphones lead mobile box in complete
Useless quality n useless product samsung m20
Bakwas camera hnaging problem heating problem
There is some technical issue with the phone.
Worst mobile by Samsung Very much slower
3rd class product.pls don't buy this product.
Good in start lag after some time of use
Getting heat too much, hanging and very slow.
In 3 months it started giving display problem
My mobile Display got cracked within 4 months
Very bad fingerprint reader camera is also ok
Phone is good but Amazon provide me defective
Battery life is very good and fast chargering
Charging not fast it's take up to 3hours 100%
I face hanging problems. Please suggest what i do.
Worst phone  wasted my money , processr is very slow
Very nice battery i like this
Worst phone under 10000 range
Over heating problems on call
Camera quality night mode bad
Sometimes mobile is hanging..
Wrong phone I hate this phone
Fingerprint reader very poor.
Fingerprint slow
Delivery received. But phone unboxing already.
Bad product hanging problem
Very bad product by Samsung
Average rating
But battery is excellent end of the day comes in 30%
Normal
so bad
Worst phone ever.Microphone is not working .
Average mobile worst delivery service
Good
Face recognition poor
Camera not up to date
Touch work is so poor
Much sensitive mobile
Samsung is really bad
Please don't buy this
Tuch screen sensor  are  not work  properly...
Voice slow perfomance are not good
Product is not same performance as  described
This is very hanging phone, Camera quality is very bad
Camera quality is not good  but battery backup is good
Network problem very bad experience
Camera quality disappointed me
Good phone but the seller has removed the transparent back cover from it.
Charging port loose,Mobile side scratch,network problem
Product is good in this ammount...nice working and charging
It is not very good but good
Dnt buy not so gud...buy a30 its much better then this..
Charging problem...all the time moisture problem
I Have Not Even Use The Mobile It Is Crack in the Box
Screen is broken in 7 month without any cause
Average phone looks like ruined Samsung reputation
Batri charging  problem  5 to 6 hours  pull charge
Failure item
Nothing up to mark
Average phone
Damaged phone
Plz don’t buy
Tik Tok open full hitting phone
Heating problem more then mobile quality west of money...
Battery life like . Camera dislike after use 6 months phone hang
Worst piece. Getting hangup... Old don't  buy it
Average
Samsung mobile is good
front camera is not take goods quality image
Volume of sound  is very very low
Screen quality is not good
They are good but mobile is hitting.
M20 mobile is very hang this system.
Nothing special as it was advertised
nice performance nice camera quality
Phone is getting charged very slowly
Samsung Galaxy M20 : Unable to Hear.
Product received without head phone.
Lost internet connection again again
It can be made bettrr for that price
some times suddenly phone is struck.
In some times singal  not supporting
Speaker issue after one month usage.Very bad
Dislike front camera apdiye nikkithu not use
Phone is ok.. but charger is not working....
It is an average phone.slow downs many times
dashrathmeena1344@gmail.com  MOB. 8504810068
Battery life and camera are not upto to mark
The most worse mobile phone I have ever seen
Over heat problem and mobile devices is hang
Vibration m9de noot working after 4 month. .
I like battery but touch is not so effective
Battery low problem..front camera not ckears
Worst phone I have ever received.......worst
ui is not good its get too much of bgs in it
This phone body very poor,like  chip quilaty
Worst phone I have use ever. Network problem
Good quality provided under this price range
Charging very very slow...About 8to 10 hours
Dislike battery  performance and application
Device going hang condition in several time.
Good phone in this budget with Samsung brand
Average performance but battery life is good
Not good battery  life is not as good as M20
This a very good smart phone....for now days
It's good product for the users who are new.
Waste of money Its has more hanging problems
Camera is poor.... Bettry is best .....
Worst mobile
Camera quality can be better
good mobile but little heavy
Ghatiya Im disappointed
mobile  is very nice but battery life not good
Average
One ui theme didn't installed and other theme also
Camera not good
Overall good product but camera quality could be better
Display damaged... straight line on display.
Camara  quality is very poor
Worst phone having very high hanging problem
This mobile phone is very nice sound and battery life
Did not match the standards of Samsung
Working a bit slower
Please don't buy....
Not good performance
Some time hang phone
better than mi phone
Good deal
Not upto
only battery woking very good, touch problem
Good, not more for me, maybe good for others
Worst product started to hang from very first week
Good
Ekdam faltu....
Worst part in battery plse don't buy this product
Toch no good And....... Battery no good
Camera is normal
This phone touch not properly work  and battery camera good
Not good camera quality, Pice most time hang
It lags alot
Fake product
Nothing good
Touch is bad
Slow working
Good product
bed products
Worst mobile
Camera quality is very bad...
Maha bakland phone hai.. iska kathie mat kharidna
Camera bekar h bhot,, both front and back are use less
phone os better bt service of service center is not good
Very poor performance
Battery charging slow
Hardware is very soft
Charger not working my 45 day use
Worst phone by Processor and build quality
Hanging and freeze most of the time
It is not better than mi note 7 pro
Wi-Fi is bad not connected properly
Fingerprint does not work regularly
Poor battery!! Go for better models
This new phone is hanging sometime.
so much weight .and not good for this range
Camera quality is bad and hang so many time
This mobile gets hanged up very frequently.
Slow and hang. want to exchange the product
Too much slow.network capacity too much low
Its have hang problem now......😁😁😁😁😁😁
Hang hota he phone or heat bhi bhot hota he
Worrest product hanging problem with 15days
Product is good  but camera must be improve
Camera quality is very bad and set overheat
Mobile overall good but camera is not good.
Good phone but the touch is not at all good
Not a good mobile...touch not work properly
Nothing good of app so properly not working
Don’t like  Phn hang problems....
Battery is decent, camera not upto the mark
Camera quality not good battery life not ok
better phones available at this price range
Its is average not so good but also not bad
Worst product that i ever used from samsung
Network Performance and call quality issues
Better to go with xiomi and other companies
Ear speaker is very bad not perfect talking
Phone is getting too heat Heat problem
Dislike due to weight and some technical/manufacturing problem in mobile
Didn't meet my expectations
Battery is very bad service
Camera quality isn't good..
Very chil qulity this phone
Battery charging verry slow
Phone condition is not good
Alz Hang and very bad touch
Heavy weight on this mobile
Not for gaming
Money waste to buy this product.majorly mic problem.
Good product
Most worst phone in world please buy this phone
No notification  light.. But good....
Bab
Mobile over heating... battery is average ..  camera is good
Camera quality is very bad.
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
priz
Poor
Wrost product
Very slow working
worst product..ever
Very bad experience
It's getting heated
Too slow processing
Very bad experience
Hang multiple times
phone slow and hang
not good
Network problems this phone.very  slow  phone.very bade
Fingerprint very low
Product received with broken screen
Good
Call net work broblem  Call kero 10 se extra to poweroff kerna parta h
Very slow performance not able for also normal users
Not good quality products Samsung mobile phone M20
I am facing gost touch prob' .And net speed slow ,
I didn't get the earphone with mobile's accersaries.
I  like the look of the phone and I dislike the battery backup of the phone.
Average phone not as good as other Samsung phones
Low quality..
A good product at good price
Mobile heating problem and camera not celar
Poor camera Battery average
It's now 5 months old. Phone is slow
Don't purchase this phone, looks not good display clarity
Overall best
Not a good perfomance as i expected
Wait havvy, function problem
Third class product, very low quality hardware used
Phone flast
Not working
Plz not bay
Worst phone
Not so good
Good product. Not for gamers
There was a problem in mike.
Good product, but facelock low quality
Not satisfied,  phone getting heat continuously.
Not bad
Samsung galaxy M20 hang problem and beetry problem
Screen
During calling receive sound is not good
This product is a very slow running and a hanging
Display sensor not working
Camera quality is not good & phone is working slow.
There was'nt any Invoice of the device in the package
Speaker sound reduces to low after few days
Can see a spot in screen after 3 week usage
Looks like get a returned product.
Mobile internet using heat problem
Very slow phone compared to xiaomi
I feel its slower than i expected.
Sam's u cheated m series very well
Network problem Speed to slow
Camera quality not like for realme
Dual SIM card not working properly
Good value for money device
Fingerprint aacha h Camera bi aacha h
Not a perfect phone for performance lovers
This phone has very  high heating problem.
Front and rare camera quality is not good.
Packing was horrible would fit for nothing
As compared to vivo  network speed is less
Camera is not as good as Samsung branding.
Hang hota h switch of ho jatha h apnay aap
My phone call voice problem but other okay
Very slow processor Bad sound quality
Stopped working within 3 weeks of purchase
Battery is poor  ,without installing games
This mobile is network problem is big ishu
With in few months bagtery is not working.
No head phone only in the box worst Amazon
Slow face unlock but overall a good device
Phone getting changed while pick up calls.
Worse Camera Quality in the specific price
Many times Touch display did not response.
its very bad phone ,please dont by to this
all is good  ut screen resolution not good
Touch was problem and some times it stuck.
Very worst prodect. It is hanging too much
Touch is not working properly. Worst phone
Poor camera. Zero value for money product.
Charging problem Charging not getting
Worst product and delivery
hange for and poor quality
Lot of gliches in software
Finger censor is pathetic.
Not like this phone bakwas
Fi gerprint is not workinv
good phone value for money
Product is hanging problem
not happy with performance
Design is not looking good
Overall good except camera
I hardly find any drawback
Heat at a time of charging
Touch not working properly
Average quality of product
Display gone before 1 year
Phone has heating problems
Touchscreen malfunctions Sometimes it hangs
Average performance
Samsung brand fail no guaranty no warranty
bad mobile after 4month stucking my mobile
Don't buy Samsung phone ever n ever
I'm not interested
I am not satisfied
Not up to the mark
Nice budget mobile
Not up to the mark
Third classs phone
Not up to the mark
Overall Good Phone
I like this mobile
Hang bhut hota hai
Very Poor camera quality
the camera quality is poor
Don't buy this phone, hanging problem.....
my charger was not working properly
It's a nice product to buy
Very nice phone
Phone automatically switch off plz give new pcs.
After upgrading fingerprint not working....
Camera Quality is worse.
Poor product not to buy any one Poor support
This product very bed any time hung problem
I am not satisfied with this phone
Good display quality is also goood
My mobile phone is hanging up. Please change it
Problems
CHARGER IS FAILED when they dilevered with in 5days
Phone is getting too heated plz help it..!!
Thirdclass
Ok not bad
Nice phone
Go for m30 or Redmi note 7 pro.
Camera quality is blurr  Even screenshot is not clear
Face unlock too slow and phone. Is heating too early.
No comment
Every time after 1 minutes cannot hear anything during calls
proudect is complate but no handset in the box.
Just another phone
Good
Good
Suddenly the display got blank..worst mobile ever
This is very useless phone
For battery is good phone ..over all ..worst phone
Heating  problem during Miracast but almost is gud
Samsung same design in all phones
Sensors  delay, processing delays
I dont like Hang bhut ho rha
Seflie camera is below average ..
It is owasm.camera is best camera
According  d price, product is ok
samsung mobile very bad experince
Battery was ok remaining not good
Better mobile but camera not good
Front camera is not ypto the mark
i have only one word # one boring
Do Something Different Unexpected
It slow down while getting unlock
Fingerprint reader does not work properly
No fast charging and hitting problem also
No rating ,not being start faulty product
It is only 1 month and it is not charging
overall good mobile in this price range .
Very slow processing, poor camera quality
New phone body screech and touch not work
Speaker and mike are not working properly
Speaker is not working.. waste of money..
Camera quality not good as much we expect
Network is not properly very slow network
Instead of fast charging ,it's very slow.
I lost my money I'm angry with this phone
Not complete my expectations from Samsung
Good products. But sometime it was hanged
Product is good but data cable is missing
Dont buy this display will broken quickly
Charger rusted and charging issue started
Battery life is  not up to expected level
There is a black spot in the front camera
I want invoice of this samsung m20 mobile
There is some problem with touch screen .
Jus wana say Didn't like d phone at all..
Mobiles screen is damage in 3 weeks.
Average not worth for the name of Samsung
Fingure sensors  is not working  properly
Excellent product and with superb service
After phone charging Mobil hangs problems
Battery life time is good but more weight
Very poor condition
Mobile back cover and glass not provite
It was an ok product did not met with expectations
Charging socket complaint
Display quality very poor
Phone always switched off
Samsung products very bad
Commitment not fullfilled
Best for this price......
Not bad and not vrry good
Battery  backup very poor
Bed experience, very slow
New phone always hanging. Do not buy this phone
Phone is good battery backup also good but frount camera is poor
Performance is worst lookingwise it's awesome
Displaying of apps
There is no headphones with this Samsung Galaxy m20
To much hanging and 📷 quality not good..
Not at  internet setting results very low
Don't buy this product ,waste of money...
Don't buy it......because it is very slow
This phone is not good this price Bakwas phone
Charger not working and charging pin if phone also not working.
Awesome battery backup. Bit heavy missed handsfree
This mobile touch not good so pls not buy Samsung M series mobile
Ok
Ok
Ok
Decent phone.
Not good as redmi
This nskkwjenendn
Very good product
Not a 20k product
hardware not good
Nice
Bahu Thiru charging Che slow charging no speed charge
Battery  is not  properly  working
Charging socket is defective
All are OK... But phone has got over heating...
I want to exchange this phone with nokia 5.1 plua
Ok
Front camera is wrost . Don't buy at all,
Money waist
the product is not much good
Please Dont buy Camera Is Not Good
Realme U1 is best compare to m20 in proccesor, graphics, clock speed & price
Not a good product. Lots of irritating ads touch super slow
Worst network single please don't buy any one m20
Worst camera phone Don't buy
Si boring product plz don't buy Never
Good bud but charging Jack problem
Display is very good but Phone quality is not good...
Don't buy very bad phone heating issue
Mi products areMuch better
Third class product & Third class service
Don't buy
Not bad..
Not worth
Plese help my product Samsung m20 missing
Gud phone
Excellent
Only look
Nice Budget phone
Only batry good other thing I am not satisfied.
Waist of money
Good phone nice camera
Hangs frequently Touch issue
Don't buy this phone.... Because the phone is over heated.....
Please buy this mobile ... full heat mobile display
bakvas diply ma locho 10 dives pachi khbaer padi
Net speed too low. Average phone
My choice not to buy this mobile
Heating issue Hanging issue
Slow motion video option missing
Facing prob while receiving call
notification light not available
Average phone... budget friendly
This is very poor qulity product
Not good quality fingers and otg
I am not  happy for this  mobile
dont bye this phone lot problems
Mobile is good but camera is bad
phone is heated & work is slowly
Price is good and mobile is good
Samsung Products always the best
Very bad phone. Finger print not working
Proximity sensor not working this mobile
Call voice is noisy and very low volume.
Hang alot . Freeze . Touch bot work well
Screen tech  and camera scanner not good
Headset was missing Not good paking
Mobile heng kar rhi h sirf Battery shi h
Bad phone physical  damage  not warranty
Not sell amazon app bro thus is fake app
The overall quality of phone is just ok.
Battery backup is weak , camera not well
I like it body and it's better life
Finger print as waste and face lock aslo
Networking problem Very bad product
It's good device and good battery backup
when we r using phone  then its feel hot
Nice display but lacks in camera quality
Fingerprint reader is not proper working
Charging  issue . Moisture  detect issue
With in 4 months  dispaly probelm arised
Not good working and processes also bad.
Camera quality is bad ,finger print slow
My mobile is not working pls advise me .
To much hanging net properly not working
Slow processor, slow fingerprint, hangs.
Not working with in 6month mobile not on
Overheating, slow in loading, low volume
Do not go for this ... frequently hung .
Pathetic phone i want to return it back.
Heating problem Fingerprint problem
There is no headset and 15w fast charger
Totally waste Lagging in pubg low graphics mode
Low price Simply super
Very poor quality..hanging during using the phone
Touch very slow, Hanging
Heating and hang problem
Don't buy this phone it has a charging problem
Good phone at good price
Phone is hanging heavily
Only batary life is best
Don't buy this product..
secondary cemara is poor
Satisfied
Unbox kiya he
Hanging problem &auto opening & closing of apps
I really loved using this.  Cost effective and more stylish
the front camera is not good. thumbs down.
Very slow sound
Touch not proper work in few month
Very heavy
Bakvas phone hai
Slow system.....
Phone got hanged
Mobile is demage
Back camera good
Not bad not good
Battery  damaged
Fingerprint slow
Very bad product
Network problems
Not good features
I have received a detected bill.
Waste of money nakli PHN h Girte hi Chantal kata h
Very bad mobile and hanging touch problem
It's take too much time for face recognition.
Very bad
Dont buy
This mobile is hang and out going Voice problem
Worst mobile in my life too slow
Tuch display and camera quality very bad.
Not good
Not good
Not good
Nice one
Not good
Its good
software problem in my phone
Samsung Galaxy m20 is good But little bite it is slow.
See what  happened after a use of 1 month.
Please don't buy ...... It has many issue...  Camera is very bad ..
It's so many problems detected
Not good
Touch screen quality too low
Ok
Mobile getting Hang Useless for me
Camera and performance was not good
Like this product
Speaker not working
Camera and finger scanner is too bad
Low quality glass protection...
Average but charging problem 5h
Bluetooth working not properly.
Camera quality is not upto mark
Camera quality is not very good
Camera is very Bad looking nice
Good but rate little bit higher
Parts defective 3rd time change
Not upto the mark below average mobile.
In a 3 month's vibration is not working
Heating hanging and poor camera quality
Touch and voice is not working properly
Only 2 months use and charging problems
Camera poor Charging time 10 hours
Hanging and voice disconnecting problem
In m20 idea sim is not working properly
Its proxy sensor doesnot works properly
Wrost charger ..Too much time to charge
Call speaker and music speaker very bad
Face recognition  is ok but not satisfy
Very very slow charge up to all 8 hours
Camera quality is bad as per features😞
Battery is good but some hanging issue.
not happy @ all wasted  my money..
Phone display is not working in 2months
The phone has lot of network problem...
Battery not working. Poor battery life.
The mobile is very very bad . Don't buy
Not same like previous Samsung quality.
Slow performance hanging issue too much
Not in working condition. Waste of time
Product is internally  not working good
Phone get hanging problem, poor quality
Battery life is ok.fingerprint is worst
Finger print k, camera not k, battery k
Camra quality is very poor
Heating problum during i m call.and face unlock have took few time
The phone that i got had software issue, I had to return.
Battery backup not good
Some times it's hanging
I don't like this phone
Camera quality is poor.
Big screen looking nice
I dislike the product .
Too big and heavy phone
It gets hang sometimes.
Not worthy to buy it...
Over all money waste...
DAMAGE  FOUND ON SCRREN
Heating problem is more
The product is not good
Phone is good but camera quality is poor
Hanging issue
Night camera very bad trust me i use the handset
Proceyis bit slow despite being 4gb RAM
West  this one retarded and refind amount
Batreey and display  is good but camera  result is not good
A cheap quality  of speaker and camera.
Phone runs not speedy
phone is good..
Network Problem
"battery life".
Camera is worst
Camera degraded
Bad performance
Live was you look first then buy
Facing lot of Software and hardware problems.
Waste of money
The phone hangs a lot. Slowness is observed.
Nice
 Some time it's hang ....
Bad product don't parchases any aone
Average phone
It's hanging don't but Samsung
soundNot good one day battery backup only
Battery performance is very bad.
One month back i take preaches phone now screen damage
Touch screen quality is very very poor.
Display quality not good
Not bad
Average
Not bad
Dislike
Average
Not bad
Not bad
Hate it
Hanging
Nothing
Average
Not bad
Not bad
Average
Mobile should be hanged & working automatically
Performance very bad
a average phone in this price
Facing Ghost touch problem. What solution ??
Hanging continuously.worst phone. Wrong buy.
Average phone
Mobile will hang....every time
Use some times then hiting....
Even J2pro is better than this
Display problem after 2 month.
When play game too much heated
Good phone, everything is good
Network issues with this phone
Motherboard complete in 2month
Pathetic product, dull speaker
HEATING UP AND HANGING PROBLEM
Fingerprint  could be improved
Phone is going to hang rapidly
Not bad need to be more update
Need to improve Camera Quality
Performance is very bad, plz don't buy
M able to send text maa via this phnoe
Not in user friendly,  phone is weight
Good but there are lack of performance
Phone is good bt it is little bit slow
Handset hanging problem at large scale
This mobile got hanged with in a month
Mobile has multiple issues from.day 2.
Dirty Mobile Very bad performance
I think it was better in budjet... but
Ok better but screen hangout sometime.
Ok.. with battery.. but mobile hanging
I am not at all happy with the phone..
No notification light....no frnt flash
Quality of front camera is very poor..
Works touch slow camera quality is low
average phone bt still value for money
Taking 2 or more minutes to get unlock
Front camera very low qulity of image.
Battery charging problem slow charging
Mother board went bad in just 4 months
Camera quality not gud nd battery also
Sometimes  phone works automatically .
Front camera pictures quality very bad
Heating issues when I am video calling
The phone crashes at the time of usage
Speaker and camera quality is not good
Battery is good but issues with camera
No earphones received with the product
Camera quality worst Don't buy it
Worst mobile..don't buy it..hang issue
Network catching capacity is very poor
phone hangs and heats frequently, ....
Network notableble.any time no service
Good product
Didn't expect such a low quality mobile from Samsung
No intars
Hanging issue and slow processing
The phone is DEAD after 5 hours of delivery.
Not so smart
dont buy wrst ph....too mch hanging....
Overall a good product
Not up to expectations
Looks like a old model
Good from other brands
I wantvto exchange....
Battery capacity super
Over all average phone
Weight little bit more
Camera performance is worst❌ at night.
Respose for calling function and camera quality
Hangs.. Screen shivers automatically anytime
front camera quality is very bad...
Very much heating problem and less user friendly
This is the waste phone forever image clarity
Averagely good
Don’t buy this
Don't purchase
Battery weaked
Very bed phone
Waste of money
Very bad phone
Ok for parents
Oppo is better
Over heating while it is charged
Charger not working received defective item
Worst product.
Everything is ok in this except touch because touch pad is work slowly.
Bit slow. Battery life is excellent
average phone
Very low quality display ....automatic work
dont buy M20 hanging issue slow processsing
Biggest mistake of my life My valuable money in vain
Waste of money
average but display is good
Getting over heat and shut downing
very very bad phone all time hanging
Mast h
I like
Good👍
Phone have manufacturing diffect, Phone not working at low network.
Wrost camera, slow down
Good product but heat wile charging, using time
apart from battery getting heat product good
Battery has not working as per specifications.
Average in all departments
Worst phone ever i purchased
The product us good enough.but the camera is not that competitive.
Charger not working face recognition is bad
Bakwass phone. Hanging problem. Bakwass camra
Within 15 days gone in ICU.
Front camera very bad rest nice
Phone is little heavy on hand
worst ever mobile i have used
Camera quality is very poor..
Tounch screen sensor too slow
Touch sensitivity is very bad
Gets overheated for no reason
This MObile Is Very Nice Work
Very Bad quality Touch screen
No sound on a video call. Kindly help
It is duplicated imei is not verified
Samsung galaxy M20 Hang is very much.
I found small scratch on this product
Play store is not working Pls replace
Overall very good phone in low price.
Fast charge not working after 20 days
Good phone agar 8 ka hota to beat hai
Speaker problem is there while taking
Display problems then charger problem
Very slowly charging, heating problem
My charger is not working pls replace
Hanging Problem as Samsung was known.
Product is good,  but Camera is worst
Display is not much good as expected.
Waste not net service hang by its own
Camera not good pic lowe lowe quality
All ok but not satisfied with camera.
Very bad product of Samsung till date
Performance ok but  battery  not good
Good product at this price by samsung
Battery backup is not gud as expected
Fingerprint good But mobile hang
Battery life good but camera not good
Front camra is not gd
Bad product don't buy
its an average mobile
Camera is not so good
It’s getting hanged !
Very bad purcase m30s
Good phone by samsung
system has hang issue
Good but littil heavy
Display broken easily
Very bad item dont purchase
Don't buy it It's waste of money
am not sure this mobile are Brand new
Network issue
Not satisfied
Heating problem and not good camera quality
not enough for price
Not as expected
Bakwash phone
Heating issue
not satisfied
Not recommend
Waste product
Satisfied....
Cheap colitis
Fully damaged
Samsung M20 I am facing network problem
waste of money
Camera 4/10. Fingerprint 3/10. Battery 7/10.
Very slow operating, mobile hanging
Hang hoti hai and touch problem bhi hay
With in the month its mic is not working...
This phon not perfect in this price section
Charging problem
Not like
battery issue battery drained within hours
Fast changing not work charging time 5 hrs more
Liked the mobile
Ok
Waste
phone sensor not working.
Very bed mobile. Cam not working after 2 days
i dis like camera,microphone fast charging
The most worst front camera in Samsung
Display black dots
Dnt buy Samsung m20 mb having lots of problems
not good  samsung  m20  very bad  mobile
Used phone delivered
Finger print scanner stop working after 13days
Very hang mobile ever i used
Worst battery,waste of money
Good budget phone by samsung
Hot very much after some use
Camera is faulty not opening
Mobile heat when watch video
Many times hanging the phone
Good but some other than not
Better not full workout 5000
It has a microphone problem!
Continue Overhitting automatic shutdown
Battery issu and mobile hit ho rha h
Picture no quality  no battery  life
Nice phone but display is not good .
Handset overheating while video call
Battery not so good ,phone also hang
I waste my money on buying dis phone
Good phone but not much better phone
Totally waste poor quality mobile 👎
Below expectations...on every aspect
Dislikes - all in all worst quality.
Software goona hang with in 2 months
Very slow phone , touch is also slow
Network issue....hanging problem too
Its camera quality is too poor......
Can we have bill of this product....
Camera quality is not good as price.
Worst cam ,battery life is very poor
Very slow lagged the first day i got
Hanging, not charging properly,waste
I don't want to use Samsung product anymore
Overall a decent phone for the price
No good camera no good sound quality
getting hang nd touch screen problem
Normal smartphone only not a special
It will not workfor atleast 3 months
Fingerprint slow camera quality good
Hanging issue and touch screen issue
No Battery life and not fast charger
Finger print sensor not working good
Camara is not good very poor hanging
Samsung  m 20 cell  phones  not good
Over weight difficult to easy handle
Yes hanging so much and processor is not good
No front camara fixed
Product good but battery is not good
Nothig
not up to the mark
Bad network coverage
Very low performance
Battery not charging
Battery back up good
Awesome mobile phone
Very bade experience
Still it can improve
Camera is average, it lags .
Camera not working with in 10 days.
High rate
Not satisfied with camera quality very poor
Worst mobile
Good product
Nice product
Not charging
Waste model.
bura nahi he
Very poor device not expected from Samsung
This cell phone is all waist of Money
Sabse bekar phone hain ....
Bakwas phones h ,,hanging problem h
Hanging is still big issue for this phone
Not so good compared to the mi 6 and 6 pro.
Face recognitions Many time not work
Battery is draining very fast
Camera sucks
Mobile camera is bad
Phone is ok but camere is not guD
Mobile is good but charger  is not work
As we saw in the image the seal is opened
Good camera quality and battery life.
Good
I am very much satisfied the product 💕 which I just received before half an hour and I setted up my phone now I strated using it .....it's too much smooth and awesome ....the price at which i bought i think its my best choice becuse i wanted to buy on bajaj emi card so i think its my best choice 🔥... it is all now wonderful camera the phone is having.... good battery backup.... I am not having any problem..... I played the pubg match also there wasn't any lag and I am satisfied and I think you all also should try this phone
Awesome phone... The picture quality was very good.. I also play pubg on it game run very nice no lag fram drops... Very good phone at this price...
Duplicate headphone there in the box, I am not impressed purchase on Amazon.
Nice phone with super speed and I totally mesmerized with this phone and it's function. It's totally a flawless performance with this battery a kind of super power with its inbuilt. Camera is awesome and quality of sound delivery is too good than my previous phones and it is very much worth to buy. Very happy with nice packaging and delivery by Amazon. Overall satisfied 10/10.
i explored many phones of many brands but when i found this phone after such a long exercise i became very satisfied.Its battery backup is very good,it is easy and smooth in functioning. it is very appealing and easy to hold. By and large this phone is very worth to purchase.Every feature of this phone is remarkable and appreciable.
In short oppo a9 mobile are best rather than oneplus mobile compairing . Better playing any game like pubg & high graphic games  The battery backup is best .
It's a used phone... Two phones I ordered and both of them are used. what nonsense s this
Good mobile with 4GB\128GB memory and ever lasting battery backup. only thing is price is higher.
Mobile keeps hanging .. very slow when moving between apps
All the Very Best buying
i am an oppo fan and soo satisfied with this phone qulty wise price wise camera look everythng is soooo perfect
It is not upto my expectation i want to return the item please tell me the procedure to return policy.it not having dual sim and memory slot sepatatly.
it's a worest and very........very bad Mobile purching in Amazon.  i am using This Handset Last 15 days & lot's of many trouble i am facing like Mobile hanging issue Low better Life also charging mobile it's get hot ......... it's a pathetic mobile, guys Plz don't buy This Handset it's a waste of money........ Amazon providing a Very bad delivery service to There customers.
Camera performance is not so good..in this price i prefer to buy realme 5s...
Nice customer relationship nd huge discount offer..I'm so happy this product buy to the amzon
Smooth working. Smart features.
Good
Weight of the phone is more than 200 gms, seems to be little heavy. Also the color looks Black more than green.
Best phone in this range.good camera quality.best for gaming and regular use
Not a good phone to buy..... Waste of money
Super hitt phone
The product is not as per the description, quality and performance issue also is their, even it is not having the latest android version 10. And most important amazon denied to take the product return, just giving a resolution that reset the phone and use.
I like this product
In my opinion just go for it, this phone is very smooth, does not hang, good looking decent purple colour, and last but not the least value for money product.....thanks oppo for making such easy to use good looking mobile phone..
Super spec I loved it thanks OPPO a9
Its good as expected.....thanks oppo .....for the lovely mobile  n thanks to Amazon for such offer
A perfect mobile in best price, Face lock & finger print reader. Camera quality best
First Impressions, overall great..  However, when its been used for a while then you a solid understanding.
Good prodect
For me it is best.
Really good in its price range. Feels solid in hand. And good news is, it support 20w fast charger. But need to buy separately.
Simply superb
Good Phone
Value for money.. Good Mobile in market
This phone is very bad  Extremely slow  Need replacement  It takes 30 seconds to Unlock.  Don't buy this phone
A good phone in this price range. Didn't quite like the touch feel. It could have been better.
Excellent set with all required qualities of a very good mob set!
Like
Well in price
Good value for phone .. And bettry are long lasting.... Super quality....
Good
It nice . User friendly.  Camera quality is too good . 128 GB internal storage is also a complement in this price range . Overall 5*
Ok
Like
Best phone
Good
Really gud phone
Good
Its a very good mobile phone and amazon delevired it nicely. Go for it, you wont regret it.
Sound quality is normal and comparively VIVO 15-Pro already purchased (2 items) is greater.
Good Mobile and very huge storage space.
Oppo phone isn't working so much ❤️😊 good
Everything is ok but if battery is 5000 mAh is would be better, finally is a very good product.
I got my charger damaged for not even using for 45 days
Superb
Good
i like the product .but battery backup is not the mark
Good smart phone battry backup is good and performance is also good . Camera is awesome.
Awesome phone
lil heavy and reduced camera quality than other sets of oppo but overall good
Super no comments super super oppo the best company I love I am using my 5 phones oppo only thank you
Handsfree is missing in the box I want to refund my money I don't want to buy this product any more
Good
Looking wise great display good battery backup good
best phone i have been used...i am in love with it.
Good but fingerprint reader is not accurate, Price should be Rs 10K not Rs 12K.
Just it's super
Product is also best oppo a9 4 GB 128 GB
The battery backup is nice but little bit heavy
Very nice phone I've ever purchased in Oppo brand. You are gonna to love this model.
Varast
Camera quality and Display quality Could be better.
God
horrible battery. after playing pubg radiation feeling..
Good
Nice budget phone but average camera quality and poor screen quality😔😔😔😔
Battery backup is very good
It's touch is not so smooth. Weighty phone
Grt deal...
within a budget of 12k it is a very good phone
Nice Camera
Nice mobile...pic quality good.....remaining...all. Are okkkk
Average....
Very good product ...worth ....full satisfaction
Nice budget phone for oppo lovers..
Verry good
Good phone, noice camera
Mobile is very nice in camera , finger sensor & other features.
Very cool phone  Delivery was excellent.. 👌👌👌
Very nice
This is amazing and i am very happy with thos phone
The only problem noticed is it is getting hot while in use.
Super
Nice picture quality, great camera
Got the product at the unbelievable price
Camera and all over
This phone is a fabulous and camera quality so beautiful
This mobile is value for money. I love this mobile.
Superb nice phone
I want to return this because mobile phone is defective
Nice oppo Great camera Nice battery
Super product
It's hanging
Sofar working good.
Camera quality good
Very happy for this mobile. Delivery so fast. Thnx
COOL..... Value for money.
Awesome 👍
Nice
Excellent
Calling is not correct and there is disturbance
Very good phone
9712159518 call mee  very good
Very smooth to operate n Camera clarity is gd
Good phone but one sim one memory card subort
Awesome mobile 😍😍😍worth for money
I got used products and want to replace it
I love this mobile
Nice phone
Camera is nyc Good in gaming
It works amazingly according to its price
I think i got used mobile
I like it
Very good
Product is good but bill not received
Phone
Good looking and good battery backup
Good
Good
Nice
No memory slot and dual SIM
Very good mobile & working smoothly
Nice product But camera is okk
Very good product..
Its an amazing phone ..like it ...
Full paisa vasool
Very good
Xlent mobile nd value for money
It's awesome...😊😊😎😎
good products
Great product
Awesome phone.. worth buying
I liked this product
Good
Good
Nice one ,like one
Headphone quality so poor
All vas good good
Nice product 👌😊
It's a very good product
Good. Value for money's
Gud but canera is poor
I like this Mob phone
Camera is not good .
This product is good
Received faulty item
Display Problem
Good quality
Just Awesome
Good product
Good
Nice
Good
Nice
Camera quality godf
Good battery backup
Nice mobile
Best for me
owsm phone.
Nice
Camera quality low
I love my mobile..
Ok
very poor product
Very Nice product
OVER ALL ITS GOOD
Very nice product
Osm phone
Very good
Good Product
Excellent mobile
Ok
Very good phone
Damaged product
Product is good
Value for money
Super product
Nice products
Super
Super
Oppo mobility
Overall best
It's hanging
Nice product
Good prodect
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
Nice mobile
Nice mobile
Good mobile
Bad
Camera vest
Nice phone
Excellent
VeRy GooD
Excellent
Very nice
Awesome
Good
Best
Good
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
Good
Nice
Ugly
Good
Super
Very nice mobile superrrrrrrrrrr Very good features
Very good mobile
So beautiful
Awesome phone with awesome camera quality awesome display awesome performance....
Awesome mobile in best price with good features and camera quality
Very nice phone 👍👍👍👍👍
I like this mobile very much. As all said it's very smoothie to use and reading sensor also very good.  Struggled to find the negatives about this phone. Still I found it about battery is little back compared to vivo y15. Thanks Amazon for this cute phone with in my budget.
Best phone but camera is not satisfy to me
Don’t buy
Its a nice product but as a Prime customer much more benefits have to be given.Prime members are to be given special benefits.
Just awesome phone !
Tell
Good phone. What more can you expect for 15K rupees!
I thik this is super phone  in this range
Best phone
Nice product and value for money!!!
Best Mobile... Value for money
Thanks and good service
Value for money
Like
Good
Ok
Microphone and speakers are not that good
Great buy for the price
Fantastic.
Very nice phone.. .
Great
Value for money
Very nice
Super Compact model..  User-friendly Love the Model...
Ok
Very nice product i luv it
Recommend
Best
Value for money
Don't wast your money to purchase this mobile - I hv wasted 15.5k.  You will not get OTP. Vast camera. Bank app will not support n other.  Good display only  Ur wish
I have purchased after a mini research on the web like any other user . The Marble Green look is awesome . Migration from Old Phone to new phone was smooth due to Clone Phone app installed in Old phone (you have to install in old phone from play store or web) .The only disadvantage is You cannot use dual sim with SD card .My old one was Panasonic and it had this slot for Dual Sim plus SD card .This phone offers dual slot but second sim plus SD card cannot be fitted . The usage , streaming , audio are excellent . Photos in low light is also a great feature. With 4GB and 128 GB it is a good buy as of now . Purchased 10 days back .  Hope OPP0 A9 guys give us double sim plus sd card slot -this can boost sales
The handset is really good.. Its camera quality and battery backup too
Oppo a9 2020 has 720 resolution and oppo a9 has 1080 pixel resolution.  Don't go for 2020. 😂 I love this mobile. Buy from local shop with same price as mentioned above. Happy to have this one.  Also recommend you to buy this if you have budget under 16000.  Thanks oppo for this amazing phone with valueable price.
Oppo A9 is good in working and best features .Battery Superb.Rear camera average but enough to take photos.Selfie camera good.Comparing with competetors Price is high .
Expected a replacement and had battery issue but got back my money though and had to purchase a 64 GB storage phone under the same price (they have no control on pricing as it keeps changing everyday) and got that phone replaced again because of battery issue. My third replacement is thank fully working properly.
Such a wonderful phone in this range 845 snapdragon which is the latest that is in it. Just go for it. Sexy phone
Received the phone was happy to see the packaging. Get a screen guard and back cover on the earliest. Get a screen guard on the earliest as the anti scratch layer doesn't last very long as it is 3rd generation gorilla glass. Over all phone is perfect although the build quality could've been better. I am very happy to have this one as it caters to all my needs perfectly.
Its all what i wanted from a phone.The fingerprint scanner is fast.The IR face unlock is fast.And the performance is also great.Overall a great phone.
Beast at this price range
Amazing pics n videos... I m in love with this phone.. nice n fast  .. awesome pics. Great battery life.. a real flagship phone
Total waste of money I bought it and replaced 2 times still there was problem of gosh touch means multiple touch problem and screen changes its color after 4 to 5 days display problem so if u r reading this review then plz don't go to this mobile total waste of money.
Refubished product sold
The phone is functioning well however after 2months of usage I can feel a small hump in the back side of the  rt corner . Not sure what it is
Was a bit skeptical about the battery coming from a 5000 mAh cell but believe me it gives the best battery performance. Snapdragon 845 is Godly!
This phone has Superb Pic quality and amazing features, almost everything which you actually looking when you buy any new phone.
Very good phone very sharp screen. Phone camera is the best as compare to other high end,phones.
Bought it (128/6 GB version) for less than 14K during sale with exchange offer and other multiple discounts. Superb phone. Butter smooth operation. The call quality also improved over my previous Sony phone. The audio video quality is also excellent. Main camera is superb. Has a long battery life - for power uses also. As cons, there is a bit of screen bleeding issue at the bottom and it also registers occasional false touches when screen gets accidentally contacted with headphone wire. But these problems were also existent with my couple of earlier phones. Seems to be a generic problem for some low and mid range phone nowadays. Its a shame that technological advancements are, sometimes, practically making the phones poorer, qualitywise - definitely a lack of adequate and proper quality control in the manufacturer's priority line. If you can overlook the above two cons, the device overall is a pretty good buy having high VFM.
My father's oneplus 5 beating the gimmick poco f1 8gb 256 gb... Camera video is very poor Feels like a cheap midrange device You won't find any punch of sd845 Its a worst product ever And when i wanted my refund  Amazon india is just disconnecting call when i wanted my refund No help from Amazon Really bad experience from Amazon call center Wont buy a single thing from this site again I cuss you
This product is the best value for money compared to all the phones I purchased so far. The battery is excellent - Lasts almost a full day even for heavy users. The processor speed is great and the phone doesn't become warm even after extended use. Quick charge is extremely effective as battery gets charged very quickly. Even the speaker and picture quality is excellent. The ring tone library is not very attractive. Also it takes a while to get used to the phone commands.
Good mobile but not full value of money.
I have ordered in September 2019 ,but the package that has been sent to me is of Oct 2018 , which is an year old. The screen has bleeding issue and the battery backup is pathetic. Amazon should ensure its customers get a defect free product and official / authentic sellers. Totally dissatisfied. Do not buy the defective.
Beware. Brought in October 2019 but the phone is Nov 2018 mfg. Working fine for now, but battery is 1 year old, will see how it performs.
Dysfunctional product. Microphone in a new phone does not work! A phone without a microphone! Ever heard such a thing?
pros screen- good(4 star) battery- excellent (5 star) look- JUST OK(3 star) performance- Excellent(5 star) camera-JUST OK (3 star) For gaming- Good(4 star)  cons/better to say bugs -when I'm trying to download apps on play-store it's taking so long than expected , sometimes it showing like waiting for  network /WI-FI ,that was so frustrating -it will take 55-60 mins to charge  from 0-80 but 45 extra mins to charge full
I ordered Poco in Great Indian Festival Sale. Poco I received is manufactured Nov/2018 with nvt panel and it has slight bit of screen bleeding in lower edge. Seller should be selling newer units, as older units had screen bleeding issues. I bought this phone because of development support. Gonna replace this.  Update Replacement received, manufactured Oct/2018, same screen bleeding. Returned.
Beware of the product you are receiving. I ordered it in Oct 2019 and the product i received was manufactured in Oct 2018. The phone was dead so i thought of charging it. As soon as I plugged the charging cable the phone swollen from the backside. Please check the manufacturing date before breaking the seal of the product.
This is One of the Best snapdragons 845 processor phone with best camera which is far better than redmi note 7 pro. Highly recommended if u are gamer. And wants best performance under 20k price value.
It is a beast in the world of smartphones. Theere is no best phone in the world, just the best suited. And this phone best suited for me. Battery is upto the mark. Storage is just killing. I'm filling it with tons of apps and it's still just on 2%. And the armoured edition looks damn good. Screen is good for me. Because I prefered natural colors over flashy. Touch is buttery smooth. Finger touch is sooth as hell but the face lock option is just killing man. There was a problem of usb debugging. But it wasn't of mobiles but charging cables problem. So I had yto buy another cable. And the problem git solved. Overall I'm much satisfied. So if you wanna phone under 20k, don't want to strain your eyes, prefer natural colors, and don't care about notch then just go for this beast.
Poco F1 used to be a hot product when it was launched. Since then many new updated products were launched but even then Poco F1 is a capable device with previous-gen flagship-grade specs. I got it just for such specs at rock bottom prices.  •••••••••••••••••••• 🎁 INSIDE BOX ••••••••••••••••••••  1. Device 2. 18W QC3.0-compatible fast charger 3. USB-C data cable 4. Soft Silicone Cover 5. Sim Slot Ejector Tool 6. Few Guides (No earphones, as is with every budget & midrange device, but this one was supposed to be a flagship but at rock bottom prices, so headphone was supposedly skipped)  •••••••••••••••••••••••• 📝 SOME DETAILS ••••••••••••••••••••••••  As the trend goes, MI phones are value for money always. This one's no exception. Ratings are relative to the pricing of the device.  1. Screen 9/10 2. Camera 9/10 (untouched samples attached) 3. Battery 8/10 4. Performance 10/10 (copper pipe & vapor chamber based cooling) 5. Build 8/10 (build is solid but plastic) 6. Sound 9/10  Overall 8.8/10 or 4.4/5 So a 4 star device  DEVICE:  On bottom:  mic hole, USB-C port, speaker On top: Headphone jack, secondary mic hole On right: volume & power buttons On left: sim card hybrid tray  ••••••••••• ➕ PROS •••••••••••  1. Good quality & solid but plastic build. 2. High pixel density screen with very fewer bezels. 3. Rounded corners of device & screen to provide refreshing looks 4. 12 MP capable back camera with a depth sensor for blur effect, & dual-tone flash. Edge detection is quite good. 5. 20 MP front camera with flash. Photos are beautiful with beauty mode on. Even w/o depth sensor, portrait mode works well with proper blur effect. 6. Very effective face unlock system with a dedicated IR camera and IR illuminator on the left of the earpiece. Works well in low light also, n unlock time is 0.3-0.5 sec. 7. Stereo speakers for an immersive loud sound. Earpiece doubles as a speaker. 8. Fast fingerprint sensor, unlock time 0.2-0.4 sec. 9. Top-notch performance via Snapdragon 845, Adreno 630 & 6 GB ram. -Easily plays demanding games at high settings like Castle Seige, Mortal Combat, Dead Trigger, Asphalt -Overall OS is smooth with nice gestures & no lag anywhere. Its all blazing fast. -Will heat slightly during extensive usage. 10. An awesome battery of 4000mah with a backup of around 1.5 days with moderate to heavy usage. 11. Lovely full-screen gestures as an alternative to buttons on the bottom of the screen. More screen real estate available to use & it's a refreshing way to go back, home & to recents. 12. Perfectly working screencast/miracast. This feature mirrors phone screen on smart tv with direct connection b/w phone & tv. Although it also supports DLNA which works via wifi router.  •••••••••••• ➖ CONS ••••••••••••  1. No OIS of photos. So low-quality shots in many situations, especially night ones. 2. No EIS for 4K videos. So avoid shakes anyhow. 3. No IR blaster as is with most of MI packages. 4. No waterproofing. Flagship tag should carry along this thing too. But I think you got a max of every world already. 5. Notched display. Some may like, some may not. Though there's an option to disable notch where the screen on either side of the notch is blacked out to but this wastes screen estate. 6. Hybrid sim tray. So you can use sim1 + sim2 or sim + memory card. But i think you have plenty of space already. Also, having precious unbacked data on the portable risky device like a smartphone is a bad idea. Lesser the space, more careful we are with the backup. Years ago I lost a lot of precious data coz of that.  •••••••••••••••• 🏆 VERDICT ••••••••••••••••  If you want to save some money and not a notch hater then there's no reason to not get this device even today, when its really hitting rock bottom wrt price. Also, you get a previous-gen flagship processor & very good performance at a low price.  So it's the best time to grab deals & get the top model of the late 2018/early 2019. Also, device is not very old as of today's standards.  Getting a device right after launch is a costly affair. But when its successor (k20 pro which demands quite a premium price) is launched, it is like grab the deal, as its heavily discounted to clear out stocks.
Hey Guys, Its one of the best phone in this segment...! Its really fast and handy with good battery backup. The memory of 128 GB & 6 GB RAM gives you vast space for storage. It also support fast charging which can charge your phone from 0 to 100% with two hours. I also checked by opening multiple app & games running together but it doesn't gets heated. I bought it for Rs.13,400/- by exchanging my old Samsung A5 with extra 2k bonus on exchange and I could also claim 1500/- off with my SBI credit card. Thank You Amazon...😍
Received oldest stock (Manufactured October 2018). This is my second Poco F1, bought the first one on the launch day from other platform( where Poco F1 exclusively sold there). All the initial batches have had serious QC issues. I again received from initial batch, so I am not sure how many QC related issues I will face with this one. Absolutely disappointed with Amazon. This is not the only old stock product I received, I purchased about 6-7 lakhs worth of products (from my personal & business account) during this month, many products especially below 20k value are off very old stock(received clothes manufactured in early 2017!).
My mobile phone glass has damaged wt should we do
The performance for which I've given it a 1 star is increased after the first two updates. Now the performance is fine but the phone's problem still not ends here. The battery life mentioned here (4000 mAh) is not what it seems. I get severe issues with the battery life. It ends too soon when I play games. And when battery is low it lags too much. The charger is not a fast charger. When you play PUBG with charger plugged in, charge still decreases. I was already prepared for screen bleeding but the multi touch issue takes it to another level. After the second update my face unlock isn't working good. It's hard to register a face and doesn't work unless I'm too close to the phone. The right side back button gesture is also seems to failed when the phone is on landscape mode. It's worth buying if you are prepared for these issues.
The product box seal was in opened condition, the product was not damaged, the Amazon packaging was excellent, not sure why the phone box was not sealed. The phone is excellent, great battery life, great speed, good buy at this price
I brought this Poco f1 8GB Ram on Diwali sale just before 2 days.. But extremely disappointed. The joy of buying the new phone did not last long. Calling is the main feature of any phone. And the Mic doesn't work from day 1 on this poco f1, the caller or hearer on the call keeps on telling me every 20 seconds that your voice is breaking up. I initially thought it to be network problem but when I tried with all my family members Sims  , the problem remained the same. Mic doesn't work. I guess they are selling us a refurbished phones. I am waiting for the technician tomorrow if its not fixed will return it. Extremely disappointed the phone look and speed is Good though
Nice product
Poco F1 has been a very good phone (I bought the Rosso red one - looks nice). The charging is also quick (though not as quick as Dash charging) with decent battery life. Phone doesn't hang. I had 2 options in mind - One plus 6T & Poco F1. The only edge 6T has over Poco is quality of photos (esp. in low light) but Poco is not that bad at all. Moreover has good processor & decent RAM. Overall best value for money !!!
Oct 2018 product sold in sep 2019 sucks
Defective product was sent
SUPERB POCO F1 ,,,, TRUST ME GUYS ... U DON'T FIND LIKE THIS DEVICE IN PRESENT TIME.. DONT READ REVIEWS.. JUST GRAB IT BEFORE OUT OF STOCK...  ORDER ONLY STEEL BLUE VARIANT 6 GB 128 GB ... DONT ORDER RED.. RED IS DEFECTS...  BATTERY 5/5 SPEED 5/5 CAMERA 5/5 VOICE 5/5 SPEAKER 5/5  TRUST ME... DONT GO ANYWHERE TO FIND DEVICE.. ITS BEAST.... TRUST ME... THANKS AMAZON...
I didn't cared about its camera MP... What i cared about is its processor specially for gaming purposes. I wont say its the best but i can give 5 star for its performance..
Display Touch Issue Some Portion Are Not Working  Blancco Apps Is Worst And Useless Can't Solve Problem From It  Received One Year Old Manufacturing September 2018 Battery Is Dead Unable To Start So Need To Charge Your Phone  Need Replacement As Soon As Possible  Updated On 9/10/2019  After Replacement Device Working Great  Many Amazon Technician But None Of Them Are Give Positive Response Also Their Rud Behaviour For Changing Replacement  But Luckily I Had Chance To Spoke With (Technician Name) Suman N Who Understands My Problem And Provide Replacement As Soon As Possible She Help Me Nice Behaviour And Friendly Communication  ONCE AGAIN Thank You Suman N
Gameplay is awesome.  got some minor lags but  it's Okay  even 1+6t does that on lagging  network
Best Mobile From Mi In 2018 Under 15k Now With All flagship features Snapdragon 845 Fast charging Good ram and storage options Good build quality Fast software updates and best community support It even kills present under 16k segment phones also  Im waiting for next gen like poco f2 for another flagship killer(2.0=)
1.While running vedios phone become too much hot.  2.In the parcel, there was no bill for the mobile. The same is required for warranty purposes. Please look into these two issues.
Got the armoured variant at 17k after SBI cash back. Been almost a week and I must say its amazing. 3 things I like the most. First the IR face sensor , superquick.  Second is the camera as after installing the GCAM for poco F1 its software processing becomes so good that it beats many of the flagships priced double than this. Thirdly the battery life , one word - adequate. Apart from these the texture of the armored edition feel very premium. Definitely a must buy for less than 19k.
Manufacturing Date October, 2018 Not sure new or re-packed. AnTuTu: RAM: 5.6GB Storage: 111GB Score:296000
It's been 2 days I am using this and I would say it's the best phone you can get currently in this price range. The only problem I am seeing is the slow charging. It may be subjective because in my case, I am using this after S6 edge and Oppo F11 pro.  Software is also good. I liked the gesture navigation. It's worth the price.
It is a awesome phone for middle class people who like flagship phones very much. In other companies flagships are very high price. The specification are ultimate ly wonderful. SD 845, ir blaster for face recognition and the rear camera is really superb....in this I have only one cons is display...this display good...but I am missing amoled display....the big notch is not a problem for me.
It's my third xiomi phone but it shakes faith in the company from the day one. Poor battery performance, problem in restarting, signal fluctuations, incoming call volume diminishes but call continues,
All things good. Poco Phone is super more value then price and delivery also good. So just go ahead and buy it 👍🏻
Excellent product I just love it
Great phone in this budget They should improve battery life. Camera is awesome
Great performance with great graphics. Used it to play pubg for 1hr and no heating at all. U can go for it.
1. overall beast 2. best for gaming (for this budget just close your eyes and buy it) 3. camera is amazing, especially google cam ports for this device. 4. battery backup is amazing and charging speed is good too. 5. just the notch is too big, yet it comes with infrared face recognition system which is like more than 98% reliable and lightning-fast. we can live with that. (yet ASUS Zenfone 5Z can be a good choice too if you have a little extra in your pockets). 6. I bought it for 19000 when it was launched, I lost that one now I am going to get another in just 14000/- thanks to this big festival sale). 7. overall 4.8 stars out of 5.  6.
Actually there is a huge issue regarding the product which is screen bleeding. Initially the mobile has been good but after using for 2 hours I just started to observe that pale red colour lines appeared on the screen and I was very dissapointed. And to know that this issue can't be fixed I was totally messed up. So, the display was an issue with my product.But every thing was fine
Very bad experience for this product Poco F1. TWO times replaced but same issue faced. Screen going on disable state while trying to type anything ... for first time while doing the setup for new Poco F1... this kind of issue faced.. Rating field is mandate to submit the review.so given 1.
I can say this mobile is better or i can say far better then any other mobile which is near to this price,if anyone have used this mobile that person only get to know about this beast, and few picture I have updated to check the clarity part of the camera but you guy's have to try the night mode which is inbuilt and you will be getting feeling of DSLR.  Everything is perfect but as you know if perfect is there then there some miner issue will automatically popped up and the issue on this mobile is the battery you if you have used less then 4000 Mah battery then it is good for you guy's but gamer like us will never satisfied with battery and for normal user just close you're eye and purchase it and if you want you can see other persons review which make you very setisfide if you have bit interest on this beast.  Thank you for reading my review.
i got a great experience with it in all dimensions.It has a great display whis helps me while playing games and watching videos as well.while talking about it’s looks Can say it’s good but it got a attractive slim body which make its look great.it has one of the fastest processor snapdragon 845 which helps you alot while doing heavy work and multitasking with it and it will not hang and you can experience a soomth working experience with it.
The phone is good but the seller is clearing the old stock with screen bleeding. My original order, as well as the replacement, had the same issue. At the end, I returned it.  Having said that, Poco F1 is still a solid phone in 2020. Get it from somewhere else or wish you don't receive a detective unit like I did.
I got Nov 2018 batch mobile...There is no screen bleeding or battery issue... Both I checked with Lcd burn wiper app and accubattery app.. The mobile looks very premium... I played pubg and didn't faced any touch issue... Camera quality is really very awesome... I am having redmi note 7 pro and redmi note 5 pro... This mobile is really a upgrade.. Very light and thin and screen quality is awesome...nobody will offer 256 gb space and 8 gb ram at 17000..The mobile is awesome... Thank god I purchased this after so much confusion.. Really happy..thanks Amazon for quality product.. And superb exchange offer..
Initially i had small issue that phone was continuously restarting and it was fixed with reinstalling miui version.. about phone its just amazing phone you ever have.. worth for every penny
Product was faulty as back of the body had a dent ... And it was swollen  .  Disappointed... As was waiting eagerly for it... Dodnt even switched on it ..  Edit: They changed it after 3 days... I had to complain about it.... And it took many attempts on their service centre to get it done. Experience of ordering was not not bt they exchanged it.  Edit 2: has been using poco for a while now... Everything seems good except it hangs a little ...
I made a mistake from shifting from Oppo to Mi Poco F1 My Oppo F9 pro become slow I bought Mi Poco in frustration thinking a 8GB phone will solve the issues. But, its a NO as this phone takes two hours to charge 100% and battery too drains very fast. While Oppo was quick, 45 to 60 mins phone is 100% charged. Also, this phone is equally slow like Oppo which become slower after an year of using. Doesn't worth for the money spent on this
Everything is good in this phone except that "screen bleed issue at the bottom".  That attracts my eyes every time I use the phone and pissing me off! Apparaio retail is sucked to the next level and sent old 2018 unit to me in 2020 wth 😖 Xiaomi is not taking responsibility and telling me to take the 2 days old unit to the service centre 😖 that's not cool.  However, UI is very good in POCO than Redmi, it's a bit broad in form factor so feels solid in hand, the polycarbonate doesn't bother me at all, even looks good than the glass sort of back, Camera is good, Speakers are ok, IR face detection is in the next level, truly fast unlocking. Looks like a good phone and I do not like to categorize any device as premium. It should solve the purpose and have good specs and design.  However, I HATE the screen bleed at the bottom.
Initially,I got a poco F1 6GB/128 Red defective version. The phone had some touch issues like less input lag,abnormal high/low sensitivity,scrolling lag,poor battery backup and I also  noticed for some weird reason there were scratches on the new charger, So I've contacted amazon and  Kudos to them, they have initiated a replacement instantly. So far,the replacement phone works just fine,no touch/input lag/scrolling lag issues,the battery backup is decent with a SOT of around 9.5 hours on normal usage on latest 10.3.8 stable,stereo speakers/headphone jack output is decent,camera is great,battery heating is normal at around 34°C for moderate usage. However,I think all poco phones have substandard low qualitytouch panels with some of the issues being fixed with hardware in the newer batches and some with software optimization. Also bear in mind, the date of manufacture of poco phones amazon sells is of old batches of around october 2018 which is about a year old. But,overall I'm happy as the replacement product is fine as of now,price was value for money and also the acko accidental screen protection 1 year plan is a big plus.
I ordered the blue color with 6gb ram When I received the phone the seal was intact but the phone already had a screen guard also I found a small crack at the back cover towards the lower end of phone The phone had no Poco f1 cover on the screen ,no bar code label on the back cover, over all the phone seemed already used  When I asked for a replacement the process I have to go is very frustrating Still no response from Amazon
Having used a lot of phones including the Redmi Note 7, Samsung A30, Redmi Note 5 Pro, Redmi Note 7 pro.. This one is the best. Super fast, excellent pictures, excellent battery backup and the best part is it's connectivity. 4g speed tests on all the above models with the same sim in the same environment... This is at an average of 15-20% faster. Wifi connection speed to 5Ghz network. Almost double than other devices (pic attached). Played PubG..Highest settings by default.. No lag.Ultra smooth. Apps open extremely fast. Multi-tasking is like butter. Doesn't drop 4G network easily. Extremely strong network connectivity. Only problem is that if you don't use an 18W charger, your phone won't get charged in 10 hrs!!!. Last line. The best beast in mobiles I have used
Waste
While the price range is good, and the RAM and ROM good .. it has some huge glitches. Wish Xiaomi would fix those before releasing it early. To begin with, the phone mostly doesn't recognise your existing SIM card. While it works with my other phone, the SIM doesn't work on this. Then I had to update the software, and 1 of the SIM card is working, and the second is not - which is quite frustrating. The MI service centre says that the SIM card is damaged. How can that be when it worked with my previous phone. There are lots of issues related to this online (which I didn't see before).  Its quite frustrating to have traded in my old phone for this, as I need to get a new SIM card for my second one.
I was quite skeptical before buying this product for one and one train only, the notch. I thought it was too big for my taste. But after I started using it, I realised that I and not at all bothered by it. Actually I don't notice it at all.  The windows of any program doesn't open around the notch unless you zoom it.  So there you are.  Rest everything is top class. You all know the interiors of this phone so I will simply skip to the camera. Top class picture quality. And if you use Google camera then the quality just goes through the roof.
I brought this Poco F1 just because i wanted a phone with good processor and memory. Believe me except a good RAM and Memory this phone got nothing.. Internet speed is pathetic, Camera is Average, Not a Fast Charging mobile though it says so, all Application in phone takes time to open.. I tried to replace this product with Amazon but guess what it got canceled automatically. Now this is a liability that I has to take care..
This is not a paid review This was launched in august 2018 but still i am buying it in 1st october 2019 because this phone is the best in the segment and with snap dragon 845 AI, i got it for 14400 for 6Gb/128gb with discount and this price is awsome. Even with the 17000 ruppee snap dragon 845 is not avilable. I already bought one poco f1 in 2018 for 19000 6gb/ 64 gb and because of having such good expirence i bought one more. And that too at such a cheap price. This phone is the best in the segment. And kicks ass for all the new phones within 20000 range. The only phone better then this is k20 pro which has Snap dragon 855 which cost around 27000. But both of these have only slight difference. And after 2 years both a 25 grand phone and a 15 grand phone both have 8000-9000 exchange value to i needed a phone which has value for Money. There will be poco f2 around december i guess not sure if you can wait then wait or else go for this monster
Very very good I just loved..... it. Really value for money 👍🏻👍🏻 I m giving this review after month of using this mobile
Updated the device to the latest software,it's working fantastic as of now,no complains really happy that I took the decision of purchasing the handset from Amazon,kudos to the seller too for not compromising in the quality of product.
The most awaited smartphone for me, and got it for half the original price. Best smartphone till date under 18k. *** I'm in love with *** • its processor(845), • IR face unlock which works rapid fast even in totally dark situations, • google camera support, • poco launcher.  Finally, a beast of a smartphone that i've been waiting for, since its launch.  The only thing is "battery" which as of 2020 is a bit dated but still with the right settings like turning of location services, it should get you all day.
The Battery didn't last 7 months also, the battery has swollen and service centre is very uncooperative. On 16.03.2020 the service centre informed that the motherboard is having issues. The phone handset does not have any physical damage, no mishandling, no liquid damage, but still the MI service centre is reluctant to replace the motherboard and make the phone running again. MI and Micromax phones are the worst I have seen. My previous MI phone Redmi Note 3 also has lots of battery troubles. People please don't buy MI phones!!
Awesome product they provide flagship specifications at moderate price battery life is satisfactory if u r pubg player than this phone is fr u coz performance wise it's simply awesome
Product has manufacturing defect at fingerprint sensor n has  touch issue over display Thanks for Amazon customer care for giving clear information about returning product Thanks for Amazon for refunding money within 24hrs
I got this product for 13.7k its totally fantastic Speed fast charge Battery backup Coming to perform no device can beat it in this price range not in this only even under 20k as well Bcs of its Snapdragon 845 and stock android This is going to be outstanding
I've been using this phone for 20 days.  This phone is not at all for gamers , it has serious ghost touch issues, game lags a lot, frame drops screen stuttering issues while playing pubg.  Image quality, and colour reproduction from the stock camera app is not at all good but you can install Gcam ,thanks to Camera2Api  support you will Capture decent images with great details and colour reproduction.  Bloatware :- So many useless mi apps , and ads you can't uninstall them and worst part is even after stopping background data and mobile data for these apps, you will still find hell lot of ads in your notification tab. There is no way you can stop them, and they will eat up your ram and mobile data.  Battery although 4000mah, is not up to the mark it drains like anything.  One of the worst displays used on a so called flagship. Most of the devices suffer screen bleeding, mine too. Basically it comes with a display that has a manufacturing defect.  Touch :- one of the worst, as mentioned above it has gost touch issues, touch is so sensitive that even a touch from wires (earphones) works on it. If you put it inside you pocket without locking you might end up making a call or too many apps opening randomly.  Speakers :- best one of the best it is loud and good.
The variant I am using right now is excellent. If you play mobile games, considering the 3900 mah battery and 845 Snapdragon processor, it will last you for 6 to 8 hrs on a single charge. And for a normal user, it will last you a day on a single charge. It is power efficient and has very fast face recognition in low light condition. The fingerprint scanner is also fast at recognizing, only takes milli second to unlock the device. Charging speed of the device is good, it comes with a 18 w fast charger, which is enough. 0 to 60%  charge in 50 mins 0 to 100% charge in 1hr 35 mins (may vary on user to user) approximate. The device is sturdy and feels good on hand. The camera performance needs some tick. But the sensor used are also good. ( Default Camera software is average). There is no potrait available in front camera. Slow motion at 960 fps works in good lighting condition. It has liquid cooling technology (i wouldn't say it is ideal but it works good). No headphone/earphone comes in the package. Considering the price it is right now, can't complain much. My device scored 347762 antutu benchmark on 19 nov, 2019
I brought this in festival offer so I payed only 14500 Rs/ and I have also revive 1000Rs Casback in Amazon pay.. So I think it was a great deal. Con's.- 1- Heating issue playing pung or YouTube (40°-43°). its not good because it has cooling system.  2- battery drain fast. It seems like 3000mah battery.  3- Build quality is very poor and it has also some touch issue like it respond when earphone wire touch it. Pros.-1- it has 845 SD so it handle every task very easily, pubg runs very good. 2- camera is very good after installing gcam. 3- fast charging not so fast , it takes to charge full apx (1-2hrs) but comes with type c port. There are too many thing to buy it and not buy it so if you think that you should buy it then just go for it, Don't think about reviews.
 Recieved faulty device, battery is not getting charging, bought the product during "great indian sale", but was not that great for me. I am trying to get the phone replaced. Buy at your own discretion, if you are lucky you will a good unit
Read this before you buy POCO  PROS Solid build, no matter if plastic or Kevlar Great display albeit the notch, excellent contrast and tiny bezels Snapdragon 845 cooled with copper pipe with vapor chamber Stereo speakers with excellent loudness and output Class-leading battery life, quick charge is available Excellent daylight pictures with the main and selfie cameras Quality 4K and 1080p video recording Audio jack, USB-C, FM radio, microSD slot - all present As cheap as flagships come  CONS No water-proofing Mediocre low-light photos due to lack of OIS No EIS for the 4K videos
GOOD 1. Much better in hand feel (more secure) than S9. Better fingerprint resistance of rear panel. It can actually be used without a case because the Kevlar with not crack on falling. 2. Better performance than S9 (Indian). More RAM, more Storage. Screen is technically inferior to S9 but because it is flat it has less distortions and is easier to protect with tempered glass and less likely to accidentally register a touch, it is actually equal in practice. Best performance below 25000 ( Jan 2020) 3. It has an SD slot and 3.5 mm headphone jack. 4. battery life is much better than the (Indian) S9  BAD 1. battery was TOTALLY discharged on receipt. Which probably will mean it will fail soon after the warranty ends. 2. Camera is below 2020 standards, but ok by 2018 standards.
It has a brilliant 6.18-inch display with an 18.7:9 aspect ratio and Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection on top. Powering the Poco F1 is the Snapdragon 845 processor and it comes in different RAM and storage options. It has a dual-camera setup on the back consisting of a 12-megapixel primary camera and a 5-megapixel depth sensor. At the front, it has a 20-megapixel selfie camera. The F1 runs on MIUI 9.6 on top of Android 8.1 Oreo. The phone packs in a 4000mAh battery and has support for Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3. It is a dual hybrid SIM slot and has support for 4G as well as VoLTE.  Design 8/10 Display 8/10 Software 8/10 Performance 10/10 Battery Life 9/10 Camera 7/10 Value for Money 9/10  Cons  Average low-light camera performance No video stabilisation at 4K
Every thing is suberb regarding poco f1 never saw suchba incredible mobile...loving every gesture of it....superb camera superb processor life billet train....iltra fast processor....good user interface nice battery backup but one thing which is negligible gorilla cornering 3 only....so use of glazedinc is must.... I personally suggest to go for galzedinc tempered glass whis is ultra premium... Superb temp till now.... Bad thing about amazon nd seller is given old stock product which was manufactured on oct of 2018.....i bought this productbon 9 th of this month 2019.... Almost one year old stock.... Amazon really sucks....pls buy this product directly from oggicial website....u l will get new stock of 2019 manufactured date..... Amazon is cheating their customers...... Go for flipkart or mi official website.... Mi pls launch poco f2 soon....
Pros: Looks awesome, Nice to hold, Fast processor, Recent updates available from xiaomi, Best camera even at 12mp  Cons: No IR blaster, Fast processor n multiple apps costs Battery life, No Amoled screen, Absence of gorilla glass 5
Not as expected 1.Mobile heats up when go at sun will be like iron box 2.Signak strength is weak 3.when you use dual SIM mobile looks to get confused 4.During Travel signal reception is not that great 5.Battery Backup is average 6.Camera is Ok not that great 7.Sound quality is average 8Performance of mobile is also average Fell in to trap of Flagship processor and 258gb memory First week I had multiple problem Icons were not working, heating issues  concted Amazon customer service. No refund they have advised to hard reset, it started working and again some of the issues cited remain  Think before Buy ..and I see some of my friends also saying redmi mobile are of low quality
The phone is great. I got it for ₹12995 after exchanging with one plus 2 excluding the ₹1000 amazon pay cashback. Camera quality after installing GCam mod is amazing. And there is nothing much I can especially say about performance as the phone speaks for itself. I have joined the telegram group and installed a port of OxygenOS. After that, it's just buttery smooth and snappy. Believe me! OxygenOS port is better than MIUI period.
For 15999/- this device is a bargain for a Snapdragon 845 Flagship SoC. 6GB ram and 128GB storage is more than sufficient for my dad's usage. The camera's are good and adequate and great for the price. The fingerprint reader is snappy and fast. The screen is bright enough and feels responsive. The battery lasts for more than a day and recharges quite fast. For anyone looking for a budget flagship and can't afford a Oneplus this is a great option. Will recommend. Will update after long term usage.
Got for the best price in the festival sale. Got a total of Rs5600 off.  SD 845, 6GB Ram. I need not tell you more about the performance. Number says it all. And it's the main reason it's still a good buy in mid 2019.  Battery is realy good. I got 1day 12hrs battery backup with 7hrs screen on time from 100%to21% battery drain with average to normal usage.(Have not tested gaming yet.)  Notch display is something I don't like. Too much curves at the corners is also a negative point.  Camera is good, and with gcam installed everything got better. Mid 2019 offer better camera specs at even lower price range.
This phone's a beast, no lag, no heating issues. If you are coming from an AMOLED display, you might find the screen quality okayish. Install GCAM and the camera quality goes from okayish to flagship grade. I compared capture quality of both POCO F1 (GCAM) and Redmi Note 7 (Stock) and POCO F1 just blows away Note 7's 48 MP camera.  Pros:- - Snapdragon 845/ Ultra fast for gaming - No heating or lagging issues / Liquid cooling - IR face unlock - Battery easily last for a day on heavy use - Stereo Speakers, the audio quality is decent and it's very loud, you eliminate the need of small bluetooth speaker. - Durable (Polycarbonate back) - Cameras are mind blowing (with GCAM build) - Great development support, you can find ample of custom roms and support on XDA. - Excellent software support from POCO team (they actually listen to customer feedback) - 500 nits brightness, you can easily use phone under bright sunlight  Cons:- - Stock Camera app is okayish - Design is not that great as it does not have a Glass back. (If looks matter to you don't buy this phone) - Bottom chin is large, corners are rounded and notch is large. - LCD display - the design is a little outdated for 2019  If you want raw performance and durability, you cannot find a better buy at this price point currently. Best price to performance. Even after more than a year, this device is a beast.
I bought this phone in red color and it looks amazing battery also stays for a long time camera quality is second best in my house first is of my father's one plus 6t overall i like it but there's just one problem its been this phone only 2 months ago but it already hangs sometimes really badly.
Plz. don't fall into the fancy and automatically created reviews about the Poco Phone. I am using this phone for Six months...let me tell all the cons of it..  The cheap materials are used in it..  The company tells that there is a cooling system in it. Biggest lie they have ever told. Not only that it's over heated every now and the....My phone has even bulged out due to the heat...at times I am afraid whether the phone get blasted..Even when I type this message it's getting over heated....  Regarding the camera. If you want a good camera phone plz. Go for the companies like HTC, Samsung, Apple etc. As you zoom in your photos taken in Poco F1 phone you can notice that the photos are like the cartoons just a mixture of some colours. And no clarity.....  Though the battery claimed to be of 4000 mh, it's like the 2000 mh....it drains so fast.....  Dear friends don't be preys of this cheap product. Only advantage in this phone is that there can be some good features, but the phone is of the low quality materials......Go for bit higher prize phones which won't disappoint you....
there was a network issue in this phone all sim internet speed is very low
Amazing phone. It's for gaming. Screen size is good and 60 fps gaming.  Let's see the pros- 1. Processor is awesome, SD 845, so if you know about processor, it is still a beast. It is better than SD 730. 2. GPU is A630 which is also great for gaming. You can game easily on 1080p. 3. Camera is not much great when you zoom in, but it does not affect me because I brought for gaming and other hardcore work. 4. Battery life is also great. 5. Charge speed is good. 0 to 100 in 1hour 35 min. 6. Screen is very responsive. Some post says that you can't play 4 finger claw in pubg, but my phone is working fine and no trouble. 7. If you are gamer and don't use the phone other than gaming, then it is for you. You can game on 60 fps and 1080p (FHD).  So the phone is recommended if you are a gamer and if you are a photographer then go for other smartphone.
Really like specs of this phone at this budget pricing. Got it for (13399= 15999-1000 amazon pay balance -1600 bank discount) Processor : last year flagship processor 845 (in 13.5 grand ) Battery : last all day with medium to heavy use via calls and Internet Build quality : would say it is decent may be a notch or two lower compared to one plus build but really good.  I have learnt one thing with phones, wait for a year or 15 months and you get really good specs in budget pricing.
I am using the 6gb ram 128gb memory which i bought it for inr 2.4k just after the launched. For a heavy gamer i thought of buying new phone, i didn't find any for my purpose but this only, I would say that for 1.9k it is the greatest phone for a heavy gamer. Thank you.
This is the 4th poco f1 phone in our family. Couldn't find a phone better than this which is value for money and with excellent specifications in this price point, even after 2 years of its launch. So when i had to buy a new phone for another family member this was the obvious choice. So now 4 of us in the family have this handset
Excellent phone with a flagship powerful processor. Whether it is performance, front and rear camera quality, audio quality in earphones or speakers it is simply awesome. Much has been spoken about the build quality but as per my experience the polycarbonate back is not premium but it is good in quality. A good quality back cover and you are good to go. The 6GB 128 GB is a steal at its price. In the great Indian sale of Oct 2019 I got it for effective price of Rs 13,400/- which is simply awesome.
I have purchased many phones from Amazon and these worked all fine but now I bought a Xiomi POCO F1 on 19 January, 2020. As per specs it is one of the best smart phones available. But within Just 20 days of use, the phone is behaving most erratically, in the following areas:  1. The volume software suddenly becomes active itself and keeps on going up and down, creating havoc on the music played.  2. Many apps suddenly hang and stop.  3. I have not been able to configure my compass. The moment I go to this app, it stops. It has happened numerous times.  4. The camera was functioning nicely, now whenever I am recording a song on Smule, it would turn bright and dark many times during the recording.  If it is behaving so in just 20 days, I am just thinking abt the the worst scenario after a couple of months.  Surprising fact is that Amazon has,a Return window of just 10 days, which is really Shocking...  I would request Amazon to urgently replace my phone with a new phone.
I had ordered POCO-F1 mobile manufactured by Xiaomi  for Rs 14999/- through Amazon app  and was received today morning . Upon opening after reading the user manual, charged it through given adapter and usb cable .The flash charge sign comes only once for less than a second and then becomes off .  Immediately I visited the Xiaomi  customer care centre at Sector- 14 in Faridabad. Their technical person tested the product and found the charging point in the mobile slot is not working therefore told that it needs to be replaced .When I told him that being defective piece you replace it with a new one .He politely told me that since you have purchased from Amazon , they will get it replaced .  In view of the above issue, request you to issue me a new set of above make mobile at the earliest . Details of invoice is given below: Invoice No.  :DEL2-1579638 Invoice details : HR-DEL2-1034-1920 Invoice date : 23-01-2020 Model:M1805E10A  Regards  Dr Swapan Nandi House No. 643 Sector-8 Faridabad-1210006 M:09730819956
This phone is hands down the best damn phone ever. People complaining about camera performance can easily download Google cam and see the difference. Processor and gpu are very strong and can easily handle apps of 2020 and even 2021. Fir gaming also this phone is very good. The new Snapdragon 730G is not good as 845 in gaming due to the fact that 730G has adreno 618 Gpu and Snapdragon 845 has adreno 640 gpu. You will extreme (60) fps setting in pubg in poco f1 whereas you'll get ultra (45) fps setting in 730G phones. Built quality of armoured edition is very good
In just one year of launch Poco f1 prices have been dramatically discounted ! Who else does this unless their is something hidden behind this price cut . Guys whichever model you buy they are clearing old stock and this phone has serious hardware /software problem of touch , screen bleeding these are real issue you will face , camera is good for closeup shots ! Battery life good
Hesitant to buy earlier but got really good price.Battery life fantastic ...performance lobed it but camera is outstanding... Now as this phone is already old interns of launch date...wait for some time and buy poco f2...
The display doesn't feel smooth at all, even compared to my Redmi 3S Prime from 4 years back, it has a sticky feel to it. You're very likely to get stuck while scrolling up or down, or even swiping left or right on the home screen. Occasionally the touch does not register, and i don't even have dry hands. Furthermore, the box wasn't in a very good condition when i received it, it has scratches, dents and pencil marks over it. I got the Armoured Edition(8+256 GB) variant. Everything works fine performance-wise, handles all mainstream games with ease, the UI is fast enough. You can make the most out of the camera by downloading GCAM. I'm probably gonna return/replace it.
Don't follow you tube video to judge, camera bogus, head phone sound worst, phone is fast, display good
Its awesome . great camera quality . only drawback it had is its battery life. It gets drained in a day
Review after 1 week. Cons: Battery life is not good even with MIUI11, my old note 5 pro is better than this. Most apps are crashing. Banking apps are not working properly with fingerprint sensor (Fingerprint failed error always). Full screen/landscape apps/games not fitting properly. Updater can't download latest package manually. Notification icons area is a mess. Low sound/audio for calls/media compare with note 5 pro. Pros: Excellent processor for multitasking/games. No heat observed while playing games. Fast charging is worthy and quick.
 Totally disappointed with the the package. While purchasing it was mentioned that the package include Headset, adapter, Usb type C cable, sim eject tool, user guide, warranty card, clear soft case. But the headset was missing in the package.
Pros : The price for which you get Snapdragon SoC 845  Cons: 1) absolutely rubbish battery backup. 2) pathetic camera performance in low light or if u r inside room . 3) sound is just like a 2g phone speaker you won't be able to articulate n collect what the other person said behind the next line. 4) screen is extremely fragile , one bump from 3 ft that's your pocket height and ur screen drems will be shattered in prices. Absolutely no front glass protection. Gorilla went back to save his girlfriend i think leaving behind ur price specific budget phone. Even ur cover or bumpcase might not save it . Better keep it in hand or in a bank locker. 5) Heats up like a iron wen u play ping even for 20 mins and battery reduces to 50 % in just 30 mins .  All in all a major hole in ur pocket .never buy this phone . Amazon customer support is lousy and pathetic cancelled my return pick up and refund 5 times till now.
People who are thinking even today that if they should purchase POCO F1 or not, they should go for it since it is a value for money product. Be it's custom ROM support, camera or gaming, it will not disappoint you although it cannot be as good as OnePlus 7/7T product but according to the price segment in which poco f1 is selling, I have no room to complain for the same.  I would recommend this product to all buyers except for the ones who are willing to buy smartphones for flaunting design and higher camera megapixels.
I love the product, but Amazon delivered a defective piece (mfg dt. 1 year old) and it decides to restart every now and then. When replacing it, they tell you to install an app and check, which tells you that your phone is working perfectly. This is not the first product I'm facing an issue with AMAZON. At least get good vendors to ship the products from.
After lot of research, I decided to buy poco F1 and bought 8gb+256gb red edition. The phone is really master of speed thanks to Snapdragon 845. The red colour looks very beautiful. The stock camera and gcam both are very good. other phones in this price range are no match. The phone has a dedicated game turbo mode. Games like call of duty mobile, pubg, asphalt 9 runs smoothly in very high graphic settings. No heating issue. MUST BUY..VERY HIGH VALUE FOR MONEY.
Powerful device with lots of storage and ram. Unfortunately, the battery is poor, and needs recharge in less than a day, even with minimum usage. Found this to be true on 2 different phones (bought one from Amazon and another directly from mi store online). Always carry a powerbank!
I really loved the back cam. And all thr other specs are sincerely woth the every penny spent on it. But the phone i got has an issue with the front cam. I noticed it within 10 days of use. The corners of the images from front cam are appeared to be blurred and really awkward. I tried same fone from the nearest shop and whose front cam was perfect. Since the notice period for return was already got off, dont know what to do now. I cud have got a replacement of the same if was prominent in the first 10 days.
I liked first poco f1 device 8gb Ram so bought second one for family member. That says all about it. Poco F1 armored edition is better than normal edition. The reason I will not disclose because Xiaomi also don't disclose. Both versions are unmatched-great value for money, but the armored is better between the two. Go for it if you can on your own
Battery is defective of this phone The screen is defective it flickers. I had raised request. That phone is defective and  to be replaced. In orders it showed will be replaced by 11the I am still waiting for the phone to be replaced. But on 12th it shows window is closed. Also there is no way to call any of u guys. To get the status
Battery life is bit a problem,but still it could easily last a day with heavy usage, camera is the best in the class and segment ,SD 845 is smooth and ram management is amazing , charging speed is approx 1.5 hrs from 10to 100, display is a just a miss.other than that everything is truly perfect in this device.a must buy for a person whose budget is 20k
There is no issue in the poco f1 in battery, Fingerprint & camera quality is also good but I found heating issue when I play PUBG in this smartphone. But I will give single star rating to amazon. Because return and replacement warranty is only to show to the customer. When I found heating issue & little touch issue also in this phone and complain for that and ask for replace the smartphone. But they refused to replace and said that if you play game it will heat. Not get any solution. This is my first and last shopping from amazon.  Thankyou Amazon
Bought this phone at 15999. I dont care about generation of the model, just bought this for powerful ram, processor and memory. Mi ui has some problem except that it is superfabulous. I recommend one should buy this at such lower price. This is little heavy making some of the light humans to carry it difficult. Its advantages outweights the disadvantages. And since it is Redmi brand, I trust them in there economy editions. Best things needs to be done with Best things. Finally I have got 1000 amazon pay reward which means I bought this at 14999. Thanks amazon too. One thing I noticed is they dont highlight type of battery. I have got a Li ion which of course has less ratings compared with Li Polymer. Which truely makes sense if you are more interested in the electrical aspects of this phone. Coming to its camera it is not worst. But I installed googles g cam which is not available the playstore though. I took some tremendous 360 degree photos as well. The processor is fast with its liquid cooling technology. Thanks Xiomi.
Pros - Processor- 845 SD gives a seamless experience without any lag or any hiccups with the 8 GB RAM support no matter how many apps you run simultaneously. I have added a 128 GB additional card as well yet it runs super fast at this price range . Camera - great pictures , day or night especially at the right focus point be it or macro shots. Video is also fine stable and clear at light  Cons - stock UI sucks but once customized it works fine
I bought this for 16999 That is great. But when playing PUBG I've faced an issue with touch, irresponsive. That is a bit disgusting. Camera quality above average. I bought this only because of fine developers available for this device. I love pure stock android. So I can install stable customs ROMs. Cam2API supports by default. I'm taking a good amount of quality pictures with GCam.
Honest Review of POCO F1.  Pro- SD845 at rs13500 is just unbeatable. Best processor under 25k. Battery - good,at least1 day with heavy use Display- excellent quality IPS display. Colours are more true life colours. Camera- excellent with GCAM.  Cons- 1. Big notch 2. Build quality- generally we use back over. So it didn't matter to me  Best mobile under 20k.
I received this amazing beast poco f1 within 2 days thanks to amazon. I was having doubt in buying this mobile but its all clear now. The flagship processor is faster than my laptop. The battery life is pretty good as compared to my other phones.  Also the face unlock is super fast compared to any other phones . if u wanna buy it , go for it with eyes closed . great experience.
I got a dead phone.after unboxing it does not on.and won't charging.i am feeling totally disappointed .I am so harnesses..I recommend don't buy any electronic gadget from Amazon..
Don't buy phones in amazon. My poco f1 phone is 6 GB ram 128 GB rom snapdragon 845 CPU  not even running pubg  game smooth graphics ping is going high when I play game for 1 hour its coming to home screen . And amazon not going to replace the phone. Worst replace policy from amazon. They are telling that we are not responsible if phone not runs the game.
Coming from an LG G6, I had issues with the placement of the power button at first. I did however get used to it within 3 days. While I don't hate MIUI, I'm not exactly its biggest fan either. Within the first week Pixel Experience was loaded and then I opted for Evolution X ROM thereafter. Performance has been stellar, install GCam and the camera is quite formidable even by 2020 standards.  The fingerprint reader is super responsive. The face unlock with the IR camera is exclusively a MIUI thing, custom ROMs don't seem to be able to support it.  Battery life is really good. Lasts me an entire day with 4G on constantly.  Screen legibility in sunlight is very good. Not as good as top tier Samsung AMOLEDs but not too bad either. Notch is is quite annoying for me.  Call clarity is good. Earpiece speaker and main speaker are both very loud. They do distort at extremely high volume levels though.  Though I've put a case on myself, the armoured edition's texture on the back cover is great and quite grippy.  Gaming is unsurprisingly great. No frame drops to report of yet. Gets ever so slightly warm but not too a point where it's unusable.  Storage and RAM is plentiful. RAM management is great too.  In conclusion : If you're someone who tinkers often and loves custom ROMs, get this.  If you're not someone who is willing to tinker around, opt for something newer like a Note 8 Pro, Poco X2 or Realme X2.
I had brought this product on big billion day. I got a very bad gaming experience. The game graphics is high and screen frame rate is also good,bt the during the gameplay screen stuck it's through out the gaming it's very disappointing. And also my audio jack is complaint on the 5th day of purchase. Quality is very low.
Main Camera could be little improved. Else, this phone beats all phones having range of 10-20k.  Quick charging , Android 10 upgrade, great speaker sound, Full HD display with 402 ppi. Great storage and RAM, no lagging, LED light notification, great front camera, 1 full day of battery life after heavy use etc are the features of this phone.  Best choice to buy under 20k range.
Receive POCO F1 ON 19 th March 2020. Phone is outometically shutdown during call and Battery is taking much time to charge.I have even updated all available version and checked the phone through BLANCCO App as per instruction and showing ok but still phone has started heating Nd battery is not charging properly.Custommer care ifAmazon has given complain no. 4739 and to old that service team will call but no one had called. Very disappointed that Amazom had started marketing such a sub standard products.
the touch screen is super senstive that if our earphone wire rolls over the screen, there will be activity happening on phone. the battery life is ok, but it gets charged pretty quickly. Better game play, but I found issue when listening to songs with wired earphones while walking any slight movement of connection for audio jack would pause the song, the screen will on inside our pocket as it would change songs due to movement of our legs while walking
Performance: 9.5/10 no heating issues battery life:  9/10 call quality: good no touchscreen issues no screen bleeding audio quality:average developers support is very good ~ in 3 months the magnetic sensor, accelerometer and  gyroscope stopped working (attached screenshots). bcoz of that compass is not working. i can't get realtime directions in google maps. many people had the same issue. do some research before buying.
This is a perfect mobile for PubG types of games at the price range of 15K. Camera also premium. 4K Recording at 60fps is amazing. I suggest everybody to purchase this mobile. Don't go with 48 or 64 megapixel mobiles. There is no benefit of 48 or 64 mp camera. The image quality is same but takes more space of your mobile.
Dont buy guys.There is a big issue here especially if you are a gamer.I bought this mobile for playing pubg but it has a big touch issue.You could search in the google too you will see the problem about touch problem and xiaomi is not fixing it till now so dont buy.you will regret it. I want to return it but their is not returning option.Replacing wont give me any help so i didnt replace it . It took me hours to fine solution but it didnt help 😭
 I ordered a POCO F1 on 21/01/2020 as it was claimed that its camera was very good but you know what I received on 23/01/2020??? A handset with a dysfunctional cameras. The handset had a serious manufacturing defect in the form of a hardware issue with the motherboard itself. As you all know, motherboard is the brain/heart of the mobile phone and that itself was faulty. These are the kind of products released to the market by Mi (Xiaomi) without any quality check & testing and blindly delivered by Amazon to its customers. I ordered a replacement for this defective/faulty handset and I am yet to receive the same till date (23/02/2020)... Mi (Xiaomi) customer service is pathetic and Amazon is bad too w.r.t. its customer service standard.
Everything is great about the phone...no issues faced during the transportation phase as the device got delivered to me well within the promised delivery deadline..but one thing that is bugging me is that the device I received was manufactured during the month of October nd the year was 2018...which is kind of old..although that doesn't seems to be causing trouble in anyway..but I want to ask the seller about why he/she didn't sent me a newer unit..?? Did Xiaomi stopped the production??
Fortunate Enough... I booked on 30.09.19 and got delivery on 02.10.19. Its a flagship phone so i decided to buy it even in 2019 with the effective offer (15999-1600DebitCardPayment-1000 Amazon PayCash Back = 13399/-.  POCO F1 performance is good just like i watche reviewe. Its going well with this phone, but unfortunately on 19.10.19 just after 17days, it switched off permanently. Then i went MI CARE... they examinied and told : this is motherboard issue and they replaced it free of cost. Thanks to #mi care.  Now my phone is running well.
Awsom product,  good memory,  stunning speed, some improvement in display.  The company told that quick charging.  But i don't feeling quick charge.
Giving this review after using 90 days. Screen is not upto the mark. Some touch issues whil pubge claw. Graphic rendering is far better than any 20k smartphone. Camera is good enough to make u feel good according to the price and other specs. Built quility is avarage. Battery and changing is impressive. A whole day useing device for moderate user. 4 hrs of Pubg at smooth+extreme. Don't expect more if u spend 15k. If u are thinking about a real flagship sell your kidneys.😂😂😂
I brought this phone only for pubg because of Snapdragon 845 at 15k, but the phone touch is so much sensitive, hence you need to put extra efforts while playing pubg. Also the phone heated too much while playing pubg. You need to switch on the fan or AC to get constant 60 FOS otherwise frame rate drop due to excess heating. If you are gamer and have low budget then you can buy this phone. Please note this phone does not support online streaming device and frame rate drops when you try to record your gameplay. For better gaming experience you can go for one plus or iphone devices
Poco f1 satisfies me fully it is the best flagship killer phonbin this range no other phones are till now to beat poco f1 it is the best I will tell my openion Likes  fingure print scanner is outstandung speed Performance killer phone Fast and fans with snapdragon845 Kiling at all level Fully loaded and winner winner chicken dinner with snapdragon845 we can play pubg in ultra hd graphics witjout even a single lag ore heat paka cooling system in my phone No heating issues till now Battery back up is aswome it last 1 day for heavy users and 2 day for a normal user perfectly. Flagship killer is my phone I liked the phone very much ut looks like very beatyful and looks very stylish poco is 2018 model but till now it is un beatable by performance in tjis price range  Camera is very nice perfect in both low and day lights aslo selfie camera is fentastic speed is the best positive flagship killer and disply is awsome touch very smooth back body is plastic go for roso red that looks super mine is roso red colour  I like it I can get thebproduct 13500 only through by using sbi card and pre order mine is 6/128 gb vatient it is the beat flagship kiler in this price range😍😍😍😍thank you xiomi😘😘😘and amazon😍😍😍
I am a limited phone  user, mostly used for surfing, YouTube, too many apps approx. 75.  Still phone performance is awesome.  Note : I am not a pubg player
My mic issue is there
I will tell u one thing after using of 1 month ,see amazon is selling some defective products so be aware of that before any product k so my intention to tell that is go for new released phone so that they can give old phones and also used phones
Very fast delivery orderd night 10 o clock got delivered next day 9am About mobile ..... Super mobile i dont mind the outlook of mobile. I mind only performance great battery life. Very happpy with the purchase
Everything is ok but rear camera is not working properly. They clicked blur pictures. Camera was damaged
It's an awesome mobile for the price. But the only drawback that matter to me was the screen bleeding at the chin of the display. The device sent to me was manufactured in Oct 2018. Old stock for an order made during festival sale in Oct 2019. So had to return the product because the issue was clearly noticable at many instances. Other than that it was a great phone for the unbelievable price.
On 7th day itself i noticed dust in from camera. I mean it was just 7 days old phone. Showed it to a friend who works at apple he suggested it might be an refurbished one or the screen is repaired thats how i got this one cheap. 15999 was tha price i got it for. Never expected this from Mi.  Also my friend’s Poco F1 screen broken When dropped from just 3 ft table height.... processor looks camera is way better than any other phone in this range but display is only glass without any protection and tha camera dust thing is there as well...
Oh god this mobile is beast, battery mentioned is 4000 mAH, but it's way more long lasting. Plus its liquid cooling system made it a powerful device with any heat issue. Camera quality is so dam clear, I don't care what megapixel it is anymore. To be very honest, I  bought this smartphone on the basis of its latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 which gives a clock speed of 2.8 GHz. This is more than enough for intense gaming. But after a week of its usage I found other cool stuffs too. Like I already told  its battery is powerful. Even though it is 4000 mAH but the liquid cooling system makes it beyond the limits. U know what? this phone should cost more than 23000 INR but I got it for mere 13K. This is my one of the genuine review till date in shopping from Amazon history.
There is nothing to complain about this phone other than the huge notch on the top. If you can ignore it then I bet POCO F1 is a show topper in every aspect. Throw it any game it will run at ease without over heating, thanks to its liquid cooling technique.  The Snapdragon 845 perform pretty well as it keeps running and helps in switching applications easily.  And the mammoth battery life keeps the juice flowing whole day with 3-4 complete match in PuBG as well as COD.
Wow wow wow What a mind blowing phone Nothing to say... You really loves it...when to take Everything camera saying 12 megapixel but its more than 64 Graphics in pubg call of duty... More than expected... Love u poco
I am satisfied but After the 2 month hitting issue while playing pubg  in just 4 match 1.5 hour that why ptice drop by 2k think before buying.
ACTUALLY buyed this phone for playing pubg only😂. Pubg runs superbly smooth. 60FPS No Lag. It's really good for gaming. Camera is also nice if your face is Beautiful. And the phone is charged very quickly like 100% in 1 & half hour. Abhi apun bhi mortal banyega. 😁🔥
Fingerprint - on a scale of 10 is 8 points. Camera - on a scale of 10 is 6.5 points. Battery Life - on a scale of 10 is 9 points. Screen resolution is pretty well. Speaker sound quality is excellent (Not too loud). Charging is quick. Conclusion - It is a good go product.
Received this device on 6th Oct! Brought it for 13.4k and it's a beast at this price and still worthy to buy despite being more than one year old! Pubg runs extremely well with no lag and some framedrops during hotdrop! 845 SOC at this price is unbelievable!  Fingerprint sensor is lighting fast! The IR face unlock is the most underrated feature on this device! It's detects more accurately and unlocks device in total darkness without any failure!  Pubg can run straight for 5 to 6 hrs non stop with full charge! And it takes 1hr 30muns approx to completely charge it.  Camera quality is possibly still the best at this price! JUST CHECK THAT NIGHT VISION PICTURE! AWESOME
Hardware and functioning 100% Battery life is 100% Looking is 98% Face recognition is very fast Camera quality is 95% Poco is great phone . at this price nothing is better than poco. Without thinking a second just buy it. Better than every other phone under 20,000-25,000
Only 2 things I didn't like about this mobile are it's big ass notch on the screen and worst cover we get inside box. Sometimes network issues happen even though full network is displayed on screen - Not sure if the problem is from service provider or mobile. It lagged but very rarely. Performance is pretty good for daily usage which includes gaming as well (Not a hardcore gamer). I hardly got any heating issues. Build quality is good, since many times it has fallen from pocket and ear height. Then also no damage so far (I use cover as well). Camera quality is pretty decent. Battery stays till full one day and happy with the fast charger which came with the box. It takes only 1.5 hrs to full charge. Nice value for money phone. Overall-4.7/5.0
GOT IT FOR 16K(128GB). DONT GO FOR REAL ME XT N ALL . THIS IS THE PERFECT BEAST GUYS. TRUST ME. LOOKS PREMIUM BEST CAMERA BEST BATTERY LIFE FAST CHARGING (Fast Charger in the box) Performance is the main highlight.❤️ Just buy it guys.
The mobile was good I didn't see anything like battery backup r performance All r good
The phone is efficient when high load. The camera  was waste before system update but after it showed each and every detail in a photo. The sound is audible even in heavy  noise area. PUBG awesome. Speed awesome . Memory awesome . battery awesome . What else do you want , Kriti Sanon  ?
i bought device on 15jan i got damaged device battery didn't work propery when i registered for replacement for this device they say thats working properly even the technician was talk with bad manners it is my worst experience with amazon!!
Speed marvellous, Touch extraordinary, Front camera good, Rear camera not bad, but contrast is ultimate, Battery mind blowing We may not get this kind of processor under 20 K, simply superb.
To be honest really impressed with poco f1. Its been 2 months since I started using this phone. To everyone who confuse to buy poco f1 vs all mobile phone I would say you can go this phone because it has snapdragon 845 chipset, till now this phone doesn't slow down or any lag. Its completely lag free & you can install high size app games etc without lag free doubt. 6 gb ram & 128 GB storage is more then enough. I brought it for 15k & its worth. Please don't buy any other phone just because triple camera & fancy display because those phone not build by high end chipset like snapdragon 845. These kinda chip set only can be found mobile which cost above 28k. I'm wiring this review on 2020 by this time only one phone which has snapdragon 845 chipset in 15k price range. Thanks for reading my feedback & if its helps please tumbs up so many people can see it ✌🏻
Poco F1 is good mobile I have purchased for Rs14999 if you want a good and premium Chipset of 845 you can go for it if  your budget is for mid range phones, for gaming it's a legend in this segment and camera performance is good after Poco x2 release also I have purchased F1 only
This phone is somewhat good but there are two major issues which every poco users face. 1. Front camera won't work properly after 3-4 months or may be within 1 month. You will be asked to restart the device but it will not solve the issue. I don't understand when and how it fix itself after some hours or days. 2.Flashlight:- The flashlight won't also work along with the front camera. And when the front camera gets fixed ,the flashlight will also start working. If you google these issues , you will find a lots of complaints regarding the same.
 mobile gets blank  i cannot even attend the call from amazon call fully black here i recoreded while  doing fully blank today i registered complain hope they give replacement ... they said rest and update and it for 24 hrs... if facing same issue means we will do further .... i buy it 3/3/20 now today 13/3/20 ... same time got issue like white line on screen on the 3rd day ... i have attached the screen shot also.... let what will happen that y i post it here ... solution will come r not ... my mobile poco f1 8 gb ram 256 storage armored edition
I was using this phone for around two months, In 2019 it is a good buy at ~15k. SD 845 is fast and os experience is lag free.  Although MIUI is not clean, you get lot of customisation options. Battery is good as per 2019 standards one might find not a huge, still you get whole working day with heavy use. Camera is decent considering price it is good, and performance is excellent.
Good performance even in 2019.. Got the phone during the October 2019 sale.. The phone I got was manufactured in October 2018.. Gaming performance is good.. Liquid cooling actually works.. Phone battery temperature does not cross 42degree celsius even during gaming...
This phone is mindblowing for what it is offering. Till now(March 2020), the phone has got Android 10( Q) since the fact that the phone was launched with Android 8(Oreo). Though this phone has only 2 back camera, the performance of the camera is very good (excellent with Gcam). Till date it is the beast of performance with SD845. If someone is thinking that this phone has a big notch, then I tell you that this notch is equipped with IR sensor (like Iphone X series and above) which is worth it. Though there are various phones available for this price, this phone is for those who believe in solely performance with great camera experience one can go with this phone without any hassle
Single word "AMAZING" in all aspects. Got this mobile for just 13k. Miles better than many new mobiles. Can say confidently that its equivalent and competitor to 1+6t
Pros... This mobile is superfast and smooth.... Battery life is ok.. If u play pubg it will go more than 4 hour... In moderate graphics settings. Cons... This device is too small... Go for note series if you want a moderate sized phone
It is simply unbeatable. The time I bought it was draining battery fast. About 10% in one hour. But after miui 11 update it became 5% per hour. The build quality is little compromised in terms of gorilla glass in back. But you have to remember a company is giving SD845 in 15000. It is really a top product from xiomi
It's been 1 month 5 days and I never had a thought in mind that I shouldn't have bought this phone. It stood on my expectations , bought it on Diwali sale at a price of ₹15,000 The sd845 with the adreno 630 is amazing 60 fps in all high end games 12+5 mp cam is amazing The best part is the ir face unlock which is fast and unlocks in less than a sec. Game turbo amazing Front cam Amazing Storage and ram , get it according to ur need Mine is 6+128 enough  Yes it is a flagship phone and with the features in it it's amazing even after 1 year.  Love Xaomi and my poco f1
Poco f1 is worst. Ordered yesterday and returning today.  No stereo audio Miui sucks Audio problem while playing PUBG NO bass Auto brightness is not working properly Battery drained quickly & many more
The previous year flagship killer at this killer price. I could not resist myself. I can't tell you all how am I happy to have this phone. Best phone till now at its price segment. Everything is best. And I have to thanks Appario Retail to send me this phone the next day after my order. Next day delivery by Amazon. I am very happy with this deal. This is now or never deal.
Being a top notch chipset, it is expected to deliver in terms of speed, but the design is very average looking and edges are not well defined. I can see some information being cut as it used to happen in older TV sets. Didn't expect from large manufacturer like Xiaomi.
This the worst product. First time I'm getting such an experience from Amazon. The product stopped working within 24 hours. The product is not powering up now. Hope Amazon will help me in sorting out this issue either by replacement or refund.
If you want to play high heavy games then best phone for gaming .Pubg experience is really fantastic and you can play HDR with ultra frame rates .you can do live streams in YouTube's .battery life is good .camera quality is really clarity pics you can see.warning please take protection glass or tempered glass.
Got this one at 14400 +1000 amazon cashback. I was littlebit confused between M30s and Poco F1. But when i got this one, it felt great. The OS is butter smooth, camera is good , performance is way better and display is also great. When my friend got his M30s, all he can talk was about his battery life. Poco F1's 1080p LCD display will not disappoint you.
Don't belive ,older comments Like Screen bleeding. Battery daring Camera ,(bothrear and selfie are perfect) .. Such a wonder full choice for both gamers/photo grapher/minimal user (beast in daily performance). I bought it ₹13,233 6/128 ,what u need at this price point ,beast performance,superb camra,excellent battery,no adds* like redmi series,.at the time i order 16/12/2019 realme X2 launch.but font care it...there is no perfect value for money..  #dont confusing your self.jusy awesome,at this price cut from ₹25k to 15k..none of them can replace this beast.....i frankly speak before i buy this i hate miui becuase of redmi phones.but now i love it...
I was like all pumped by while going for poco by replacing my old Moto g5s plus, but I regret my decision now.. poco ain't as classy all speck off. I cant even switch between 4 apps without a hickup, camera hangs, al my apps needs atlest a 3seconds to pump to action if am using any other app continuously. It was preety smooth in old peice.except for the 128gb memory and a classy camera Poco is Big nogo
Please don't buy this phone from Amazon ,I have screen bleeding issue in my handset and I contacted customer support person for replacement  he is advised me to contact MI service center for this issue ,few screen shots attached of my screen bleeding issue
Microphone is not at all functioning well. The opposite person hears voice breaks when I speak. Clarity of my voice is poor and not audible to the other person on the phone. Unable to do voice recording  Battery life is not upto mark , drains very quickly.  Amazon is not letting me choose the replacement and return request either. Amazon is making the computer call me and I am kept on hold around 30 mins and the call automatically gets disconnected.  Please replace another phone as soon as possible  Thanks, Regards
Performance too good.. Display size and display quality not so good.. Battery decent.. Good Selfie camera but Decent Rear camera Decent Touch responsiveness Face and fingerprint scanner is so fast but in accuracy 8 time out 10.. In overall it is the best phone under 15k and in under 20k it it one of the best phone.
Its getting suck while using....every time..,  desply not giving100....and battery performance low.......its looks one of the failure modle in My MI
Useless phone with multi touch  ,auto freezing and ghost touch issues r still being not solved,jam writing the review after 2 days of use.If ur pubg n Call of duty lover don't buy it is a waste of money😃i, myself is returning it.
I chose this phone over a Galaxy S9 primarily because of the battery life, great processor + superior RAM, and the value delivered by the price point. I was a little bit disappointed with the look and feel of the Armored cover, I expected the quality to be a lot better considering the higher price point than the Steel Blue 6GB variant, however this wasn't the case. The Display and Camera quality are average imo. Performance wise, the phone is a dream. I decided to retain MIUI due to concerns about not being able to use a few features.
Absolutely amazing phone. Simply ignore the people who say that the design of the phone isn't good because of the plastic back. It really does not matter as you will anway put a backcover even on a glass phone. This phone is a complete powerhouse with top of the line performance, great camera and amazing battery life. Just go for it at this price.
Its a good phone but there are many others phones available in this price segment bt if are choosing this phone for gaming go for it snapdragon 845 kills it wherever its go for performance bt if you are looking for a camera phone and a display phone dont go for it choose another one like realme x or realme5 pro
I got this for 12150 plus extra 1000 cash back on Amazon pay with exchange MiNote3. I don't think despite being more than a year old there is any product which competes this phone in under 16 K price segment . This processor is well known and doesn't need any introduction with liquid cooling technolgy , the Mi meme of phones heating up ends here . Battery life is beyond expectation on the inbuilt Rom .
SD 845- 5 star; 6gb ram- 4.5 star: fills easily, and no auto optimisation; ROM- best; Camera front: best, back : good: back camera is good, but post click the image is processed badly. Good slow mo capturing at 960 fps; display: 4 star, bleeding not a major problem for me; but i faced issue while playing pubg, the touch sensitivity was teribly affected. It's good all in all for playing video, even keyboard is affected wit the touch issue. NEED A FIX , hope for further good updates.
I don't know i got a defective product or configuration of the product is not upto the mark, I purchased this phone for my sister as she want good front camera phone. After waiting for multiples updates as suggested by Xiaomi Service center and even after reset phone is still having same Blurry Camera. She is very sad with her birthday gift, Now i am going to Re-Sale this product at low price with some Money loss.... Amazon should do something as Authorised Service Center is not repairing the phone by saying camera is working fine..
I have used phones worth rs. 45000 as well, but this one is just awesome.  I got the phone with less than 50% battery 10-11 hours ago, I have been using the phone since then and still phone has 19% battery left. May be this is the best phone in the market
I have one more phone basically i have taken poco for pubg only. But while playing single 10min game it gets heated and game behave very bad really disappointed . One of my friend is using same phone that very good i thik i got wrong product or defective one request you to replace this please. I recommend this for pubg but i am very disappointed yesterday i got phone
When you use samsung, the filling of poco is too much cheap.the tuch is Bogus. Its too heavy to carry. And i cant see in day light the screen is black . Weather its company fault or screen is not good.
Poco f1 best phone from xiaomi I hv purchased for 13500/- for 128gb but some missing here Cons Very big nauch Front flash Sony sensor 586 Fast 4 charging Quad camera NFC Fiber body Pro Good Battery backup Camera Amazing sky filter Miui 11 in poco f1 Fast face unlock I am giving 4 star for poco f1
Actually it's my second my Poco phone. It's camera is far ahead than 48 mp marketing gimmick camera phones. Surely with time technology changes & same specs getting cheaper. That's why you were getting 29k priced phone at 19k . I like physical fingerprint sensor over on-screen one. It's face unlock works perfectly in low light or could say no-light conditions as well.
Never thought this phone can be so satisfiying. Camera quality is perfect, finger print reader is superb and face unlock is best in industry it has thermal image sensor can unlock phone in dark also..Superb phone overall
Phone is Fantabuluosly Awesome. But if you're switching from Samsung , Motorola or any other reputed brand then you will find some touch issues as the screen isn't that responsive. But you will adjust to it in a week or two. Overall Product is good. This beast is Overpowered. It runs heavy apps and Games with such an ease which is incomparable with any of the samsung mid range phones or any other brand phones. Poco f1 is a flagship killer. Go for it without any second thought.
Poco F1 is a beast Bought this phone on Amazon Festival sales offer for 14,000 INR.. SD 845 processor chipset at this price range is really awesome..  Got MIUI 11 update and Android Pie update after buying the phone... Camera quality is also good we can capture slow motion, portrait,Night mode and etc.. Fingerprint  sensor  at rear side of the phone is quick.. Battery life of the phone is so good 4000 MaH..I bought this phone for Gaming...I play PUBG and COD at HD Graphics and Extreme FPS... Totally the phone is a beast for gamers who are looking for phone at this budget..
i have been using POCO F1 since two months, i'm loving it you can't get any flagship phone of snapdragon 845 at this cheapest range! also, your head will be up with pride using POCO, camera is quite good PUBG is running quite smoothly battery backup is damn good! also, AnTuTu Benchmark will always be above 300000. its infrared sensor is superb unlocking the phone by face unlock in a blink! this is your best shot in cheapest range, hit like if you go for this beast :D
Brilliant phone even in october 2019. Bought it for 17k (armoured edition). No other phone is currently available at this price to rival the pocofone. Has slight heating issue after extended periods of gaming. Good camera, battery life, display etc.
Am just few days old with Poco, so far it is good, but expected better camera performance
Phone is a beast, gaming is absolutely smooth, but no update for stock camera ( Xiaomi tends to degrade the camera in Poco F1), miui 10 was totally optimised.... don't upgrade to miui11, its buggy. Battery Life detoriated after miui11 update. Overall a good experience after 15 days of power usage. Fingerprint scanner and face unlock is as smooth as it can come. No heating issue after extensive gameplay ( yes for Pubg phone will heat up but still very less compared to other phones). It might not look premium but  it's quite handy and you definitely got to feel the power in your hand.
The Xiaomi Poco F1 sports a 6.18-inch screen with 18.7:9 aspect ratio. It’s an IPS LCD panel which has 1080×2246 pixels resolution, a contrast ratio of 1500:1 and can achieve 500nits brightness. Xiaomi is using Gorilla Glass 3 protection to protect your display from accidental scratches. Performance is one area where the Pocophone F1 glitters. The phone is driven by Qualcomm’s 2018 star attraction, Snapdragon 845 chipset, which gets a wingman in Andreno 630 GPU. For sustained performance, the F1 also houses a 6GB / 8GB RAM option and up to 256GB UFS 2.1 storage.
Best phone ever used Gaming experience 5/5 Speaker quality 5/5 Camera 4.9/5 Battery life is amazing after 45 minutes of charging it gives a whole day battery backup without any compromise The best thing in the phone is the Snapdragon processor which is lightning fast !!!! Strongly Recommend this to buy Writing this review after 3 months of use of phone Wri
What an offer i get, for Rs 18999 - 10% (bank discount) Excellent buy, Last year, september, 2018 i bought the 6gb ram 128gb rom for Rs 23999, my son want this 8GB ram for playing games so  this was a very blessing from amazon.
Got a great deal better than flipkart anyday, for about 11500/- it's the best phone you can buy Pros: Performance, battery, heat management, face unlock ir sensor, value for money, local service center. Cons: lacks gorilla glass 6 some bugs in the software stock android would have been better.
Writing this review after using the phone for 4 days. Bought it for the sake of its heavy processor. Yes, it stands by it's claim. Fast processor without heating issues. Look and feel are superb. Amazing sound while talking and listening to music. Worth every penny. Go for it
Got it for a friend.. It's was a great deal he got it for 8k with exchange offer.. Battery life is good.. Camera is good.. Gaming performance is great..
This is not original poco f1. Is has 5 mp front camera, but it should be 20 mp. I am very disappointed. Before 4 month(April) I bought poco. That phone's front camera was amazing. But this phone's front and rear both camera is below average than pocof1 April, 2019. Shame of Amazon. I want to back my rupees. Then want to buy another phone.
After a lot of research bought this phone which is like Ferrari of smart phones. Overall decent performance in every category. Noise reception, camera, operating system, face and fingerprint lock, Speed is the essence here. You will nit regret mark my words. Only one thing to suggest too Xiomi I.e. increase battery capacity to 6000 mAH as battery consumption is more on video play. Though battery lasts for a day with video usage of 2.5 hours + GPS on + 4G connectivity on continuously.
Everything about this device is great. If I am too nit pick the cons are lcd ips display ( instead of an amoled panel which few budgetphones in 2019 do offer) and there notch ( but it has an infrared camera in the front to enable face unlock even in pitch darkness)... Mind that Android 10 would have dark mode and amoled screen would be better for it.. Otherwise this is the best phone I bought it for 13400 (6 : 128gb)
It’s a fabulous phone with fantastic camera and good battery life. With 6gb ram and 128 gb space it’s worth each penny spent. Loved it
Nice product, looking to buy this from several months but was always out of budget. Got good deal, cashback, exchange bonus etc.. bought 128gb in 15k. Superb performance. Best buy in price.
The phone is brilliant but there is a only problem I am facing during playing pubg mobile is that the your palm touches the notch area and due to that the player moves automatically and some times stopes moving  But this is not a touch issue you can fix it by using a bumper case .
Excellent performance, and also build quality is nice use ringke fusion x back case and make it look premium, use g-cam v7 for better camera experience and astrophotography, 15000 is better price for this phone, value for money, fastest fingerprint sensor, good battery life, world's fastest face unlock 🔓🔓 My choice is pocophone in the price under 20k in the end of 2019,  Successfully completed first anniversary pocophone
First I would like to say that sd845 is still a good option to play games like pubg on extreme frame rates,  gcam is quite impressive for taking night photos, I won't say that there isn't any lag but still 10 times better than other competitors.
This phone is just amazing. But i have noticed two issues 1.This phone was manufactured in 2018 not in 2019 2.Android version is 8.0(As per the description in amazon it is 9.0) which also disappointed me otherwise this phone is super Delivery was very fast(2days) and the packing was also good
I ordered it on the mega sale event and got it for 13,500.,mobile is mind blowing  super fast and all department is good. Camera,battery,sound,speed ,UI etc. But Amazon gave me 1 year old packed piece(2018 Oct). Thats the worrying thing,because I have to use it for a long time, so i expected a newely manufactured pieces. Some con's: Touch its not that much sensitive, some Bluffy sound hears from screen while figure touches the display. And Speaker holes is looks dummy, only one side speaker holes is working.
Excellent phone for lovers who wants performance. Operates at lighting speed. Especially the fingerprint sensor response is too good. Good value for money. Only drawback is its bit heavy (not too much) compared to Samsung/vivo otherwise it's a cool gadget. No second thought, just buy it
It's a great device for gaming.... Especially for gyroscope pubg players. It has got some touch delays and touch errors....So I wouldn't recommend this phone for non-gyro players...Overall performance is great though....On smooth settings it runs around 45-60fps easily...with the maximum stability of 58 - 60.
 I GOT THIS PHONE FROM AMAZON TO GIFT MY FRIEND, ITS SO EMBARRASSING AS MY FRIEND CALLED ONE DAY SAYING THERE IS PROBLEM WITH PHONE 2 MONTH BACK I GOT IT ON EMI........PEOPLE YOU NEED TO DO SOMETHING REGARDING THIS PHONE AS ITS VERY BAD EXPERIENCE.........PHONE IS GETTING SLOW, GETTING HEATED UP AND SOME DIFFERENT MARK HAS COME ON SCREE.....AND IT HAS NOT FALLEN THERE IS NO SINGLE DROP MARK..................ITS PROBLEM FROM INSIDE......FRUSTRATING
This is my first Xiaomi Smartphone THE POCO PHONE and i love it it is fast, good battery life, not at all heats up liquid cooling is working perfectly i too got mfg date nov 2018 but i don't care as it is working perfectly fine. I recommend this smartphone.
I took this mobile mostly for gaming like pubg etc.the movement icon in pubg is out of my control many times,and touch not working at that moment and its movement is controlled by itself.the movement is moving even when I touch or slide on firing icon.its happening repeatedly.but outside the game ,phone is good,but I took it for game .so I am frustrated abt this happening for brand new mobile.my friend bought same phone but he does nt have any problem with it
I am giving this review after using this phone for over five weeks.Phone is really good performance wise,stated by taking into consideration of games like pubg , cod mobile, shadow fight 2.camera is good but when it comes to zooming picture looses its clarity very badly, battery is great and there's no heating issue till now .
I was sceptical about camera hardware but after installing Google camera it has exceeded my expectations. Definitely cannot compete with pixel phone but the camera gap is very marginal. May be in next major update I.e aka Poco F2 we may see it neck to neck. OnePlus should really take this consideration seriously.
The phone as lots of issues coming such as blinding screen and the phone as getting slower nd hanging problem I buy this phone resendly 2months ago nd this hanging problem iss coming too much please consider my problem nd give me a new poco phone..... Thanking you, Ronak Mayekar
Totally its good. Camera is impressive. Touch screen is sensitive. Battery life is short. Cannot use mobile 24 hours even in full charge High price, no yield for that amount
Superb ...... Great camera... Good performance Good features Btry 4k fast charging Grt processer Simply fab...!! ....value for money I bought it for 14k Feeling greatful really...thanks to Amazon
Excellent product from xiaomi.camera quality is good but not up to mark like latest launched products.Fingerprint sensor is very fast.Battery life is average not so good.Overall product is justified it's Price.
My charger was defeated. It burn after 10-15 minutes. Camera is very good and I got 241gb space out of 256 the phone is good. I request company to change my charger because it's has 6 months warranty.
Cannot say it's new or a refurbished one... I have tried everything even had a chat with xiaomi but no luck.. There is no way to register or to check warranty online.... It's just verifies the model I have.
Awesome..! Better Performance with SD845, Fastest Face unlock much better then newly comers devices. Fastest fingerprint sensor too..! Better Gaming (Asphalt 9- everyday) with Game Turbo 2.0 technology. Even cooler when long running the games. 6 GB RAM+128 GB ROM. This is lower price in all this performance.
I bought it in the Mi fest at 21000/- The best things i felt were fast fingering sensor and the face unlock is blazing fast which even works in the extreme dark/zero light.  The screen is good for outdoor use also. But the notch is very big.  The MIUI makes the phone very handy to use. The processor is blazing fast. Battery backup depreciated within 3 months of usage
Front camera is been worst, imazes are blurred due to dust had gone inside. New phone has dust inside the camera . how to belive it. Worst things are happening in online do not buy it.
Very old phone. Amazon is cheating it’s customers by supplying old phones. Phone was supplied with tempered glass which indicates that it is an old and used phone. The battery was already dead when it was switched on for the first time.
Every thing is extraordinary except one thing. BATTERY draining very fast when compared with Samsung m30 . Both the mobile are very new one and i got in same day delivery
Actually some times The screen don't work so don't buy after 2020
They delivered defective product , the phone battery is dead when deliver and when I charged and used for a while it turned off again and never turned on. Phone started heating even it's off, I requested for replacement this big billon day offers are worst products please beware
This product is a defective , software also not support to 256 GB , hanged mobile , not suitable above 64 GB memory , please check my mobile and amount deposit in Amazon pay
Great camera and detailing IR face reader (not so common) Big battery (at least for me) Smooth UI Best processor in that range... Others dont even stand close considering the performance... You know SD845 :D Smooth touchscreen Fast fingerprint reader  Overall MUST BUY for any user Don't go for samsung in this range  PS: Got 6+128 variant in 13,400 in Great Indian Festival Sale :P
Hiii....this is a very honest review I must clear at d outset..... This phone is  a real flagship killer....I had ordered the armored edition...8GB 256 GB storage one....its a fabbbb phone.... Wht really really surprised me is d awesome quality of d camera....believe me guys its an outstanding camera out there for d price....I bet it has d best quality in zoom.... Just go ahead and buy it without any second thoughts....u will fall in love with d phone.... Thanks...
I really like this mobile so much this will be the best phone for ever photo clarity is awesome I give five 🌟 for this mobile love you Poco F1😘😘😘😘
Dash charging must be there. Overall a good phone. There is IR blaster but no remote functionality it is used only for face unlock.
Honest review :-  1. Amazing Speed 2. Super fast face scan ( in total dark ) 3. Awesome screen quality 4. No screen bleeding issue 5. Camera quality is also too good 6. Decent battery backup
The build quality is not that premium but as I got the 6,128 gb variant in just 13.4k so I can't really complaint about it. The processer to cameras to sensors to UI feel everything is fantastic. So basically poco f1 is the Brock Lesnar of mid range smartphones section.
Buyed for 13.4k best price Everything running battery life SOT 8hrs with gaming on non updated oreo rom... Lets see whats happens if i update to pie! battery life is same after updating to pie!
Awesome 📷 with gcam, awesome performance, awesome battery, perfect size, aur kya chahiye. Best mobile under 2k, i got it at 10,000 with exchange and cashback and sbi card. Paisa vasul.
The product is great by itself but this handset does not allow me to locally manage my data between the PC and the device and hence I’m unable to transfer my data to the phone and use it.  I strongly suggest Amazon to make a note while selling that Xiaomi phones are incapable of local data transfers and allow the customers to choose whether they would like buy such a product or not.
The Feedback is good as this was bought for someone, as a Gift. They love it!
Good choice at better price for the ultimate configuration... Amazon delivery is also excellent... Offer is not coming frequently...I bought poco f1 8 GB ram, 256 GB memory for rs.15144 without any exchange...waiting for the same deal for one more additional qty...
All the features are good, didnt experienced heating issue, battery life is good, minimum 1 day, you can feel the processor and ram doing their part for smooth and fastness. Camera is nice but not the best
Nice but killer one in 2019 also There is no phone who can beat Poco fi under 20k so my suggestion it's is 😊💯👌👌👌 because I have 8 gb ram with 256 gb killer🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
The phone looks cool, batter and camera is good. Touch doesn't work properly some time when we keep the finger close also it takes as touch. During the call if we keep the phone near ear touch dont activate thats good if any application is open then the screen stays there and accidentally ear touches the call gets disconnect. speed of the phone also not as expected even though i don't use for games.
Bought 6+128 in sale. 15999 was Price, 10% extra discount on SBI card payment, so cost was reduced to 14636. With extra 1000 rupees cashback on amazon. Its a steal.
The phone heats up over 50 degree celsius when i'm playing any battery intensive games... and its not like after playing for like 30 mins or something.. it gets heated within 5 mins.... I'm definitely not satisfied with the phone... I've done resets both hard and soft and called up customer care for replacement(who don't really care) in vain... overall experience would be in negative if negative numbers were allowed...
It's a beast... A BEAST....!!!!! Don't think much.. go for it.. Camera may be 12MP but it got the sharpness and clarity as better as 48MP cams. Just go for it if u prefer for processing and gaming in budget. Goo.......
Not good. Screen become feded some time suddenly, also Nov 18 product sold by the company in Nov 19. Very  disappointed 😞
finger print is superfast, camera quality is best in the price- its better then samsung galaxy m30s which is 48 mp triple cmera both in clarity and color rendering. battery life is not good of the particular unit i have recieved from amazon because the unit that i have recieved is 1 year old.
This phone is killer flagship phone no doubt on speed. Gaming performance is the best in this ,no one has such a hard performance like poco under the range of 18000 rupees.camera and battery are also good. I got this in offer period in 14400 rupees through online payment plus 1000  cashback in amazon pay balance . i bought 6gb 128 gb variant
Poor battery life seems defective products. Too much heating during charging.  Connected with customer service team no response till today.
Poco F1 was completely awesome phone which I have ever used. The photo clarity is excellent as compared to other MI phones. Processor is meant to be perfect part in the whole device. Good looking device appearance. Nothing to say bad about the phone
Fastest finger print at cheapest price, 4000mAh battery is enough for moderate user and Poco Phone comes with 18w Fast charger who charges it 0 to 100% in approximately 1 and half hour I got the 6GB 128GB variant at just ₹14399 in Great Indian Festival Sale on SBI Card discount MRP ₹15999 on sale also Beat for Gaming in comparison with Redmi Note 8 pro
Minus one star for camera camera is bad is not bad at start but it's quality is getting worse after every update I think xiaomi is deliberately making camera worst for their Redmi note series
Honest Review: The Product has some serious issues of auto functioning. The mobile wake up without receiving any notification sometimes. Also while using earphones touch starts working automatically.
At 15000₹ The phone is a beauty! SD845 is still powerful than any other device in this price range. With the latest MIUI11, it's the best buy. The red color looks dope.
Giving review after using 10 day and just wanna say that it's more than awesome! Camera+battery life+finger reader+fast face unlock everything is more than good. I juts love this poco F1. Highly recommend for the person who love phone photography!
In my mobile proximate sensor not working properly just 7days old mobile they are not responding anything for that I don't know what to do waste of money
The keyboard is a very big pain in this phone. It is unable to keep up with the normal typing speed and types out wrong spellings for almost every third word.
Battery backup is not that good, but yes it charges very quickly. But still a very good mobile to use.
Screen is defected touch problem and sometimes when u call someone u cannot charge your phone worst experience
Well first of all, it is the most affordable flagship till date and though the build quality is a little bit old, it still rocks!  Getting a stable update, UI is awesome, and the display is smoother than i can imagine. Gaming experience is also extremely great.  If you want a flagship phone and low on budget, this is your go to phone...
Major touch issues during gaming and lag as well heating problems
After usase of  one week bettary is draining.. In invoice its showing price is Rs.0000 what I heard from the reviews not happy with this item dont buy any product from .Amazon /Appario Retail Private Ltd....
This is the best phone available in the country at 15k.. camera and processing power is 5 star..however people are not aware of this performance monster phone.
Great indian sale, great purchase, so many phone come and go, but this beast has its own class, it's 845 SD processor, still way better then it's competitive devices, and camera is good for day,night ,even macro shot. A price drop like this will definitely makes it a great device again. I bought 6, 128 in just 14000 with my card.
Touch screen glass is of worst quality for Poco F1 mobile and broken on 3rd day of my purchase, never expected such poor quality touch screen glass from MI mobiles.  They would have used gorilla glass and charged more money.
At first i'm sceptical about purchasing this device because of its display and heating issues, but i'm very happy after purchasing the device. The device works flawlessly. it got no issues. go for it, it provides great value for ur money. I haven't seen any cons. Go for it if u r tight on budget (before 2019)
It is OK product. Most irritating part id login reminder to MI account. even if you put it off it keeps on popping. Rest phone is OK and quality is good.
Really awesome mobile with that budget, of you compare poco X2 this wins top in all aspects. I have redmi note 8 which is 64 bit camera, F1 comes less resolution. Photo clarity is good when compared with any Android at that budget.  May be it is killer configuration mobile on the market so far with that budget.
Worse mobile ever i had.  And worse  service of Amazon.  Will never buy anything from Amazon also will not suggest anyone.  Useless service of amazon
Previously using MI Note 4 which is quite good phone.But POCO does not meet my expectations.Keyboard is worst to type,weight is heavy & it also hangs many times despite of very good RAM.
Dislike, battery problem
Has some software issue , screen touch response is slowed after miui 10 update , please xiaomi fixed it , overall a good product no doubt , camera is more good when gcam is used . Thanks Amazon for fast delivery .
The one and only flagship grade smartphone that you can get at this price. I got this item for 13500 during the great Indian festival. You will definitely get the value for your money. • Use Gcam for maximum picture quality • Use pixel experience rom for clean software experience [ NOTE: THERE ARE BETTER PRODUCTS THAN THIS IF BUDGET IS NOT A PROBLEM FOR YOU ]
Good camera quality  no lag pubg HDR mode Very fast face lock 960fps slow motion video record Total good performance👌
This brand is not focused one with the Company. Updates are very old and not upto the mark. Even Redmi Note 5 pro far advanced and fast in getting the updates.
Amazing performance and battery life. Just a funny thing, it reads earphones print also along with fingerprints.
its just awesome , don't look at 12mp+5mp , it is like 48mp camera , lightning performance , and it is now available at 16000 with other cashback offers , i purchase poco f1 on 4 oct in amazone sale , its totally budget phone with very powerful performance, i m happy with it. FOR ANY QUESTIONS PLS ASK ME WITHOUT HESITATE
Cracked and chipped from fall of only about 60 cm after 2 months! Furthermore the Xiaomi "customer service" team wasted hours of my time and refused to offer a free replacement. The local Mi Service Center ignores most calls and messages and finally quoted me more than 7,000 rupees for the replacement screen!
Product is good. Fast face unlocking sensor with good camera. Worth Buying With This Rate.
Bad quality. Cheap parts used. Charger also of poor quality. No ear phones
Awesome mobile. Value for money product for gamers. Liquid cooling, limit the system heating. Snapdragon soc 854 on budget. Decent camera, use other app for camera. No issue on screen, as reported by other reviewer. Fast response. MIUI11 update.
Just switched from iPhone to Android to the PocoF1 series. Using it since 1 week, looks good and feels great. Is fast, battery life is great and charges full in under 2 hours. The camera is excellent. Love the Poco..
After using 5 days i feel that poco f1 is the best flagship phone with lowest price and having unlimited new features.battery life & camera quality  superb. I like mostly the face unlock system which is unbelievable.slow motion video...and small small issues also there in this phone which can be overcome after software update
The charger started having loose contact problem within 2 weeks!  The screen freezes every now and then for a few seconds. Also, the corner area of the screen is not responding if you have any keys there. Would never recommend.
nice product.....value for money but no difference for 6gb and 8 gb ram speed....so better go for 6 gb ram..
Touch is not working properly 2 technician visit also done by Amazon still the issue didn't stopped and they put it for replacement but till date no replacement have been received it have been more than 10-15 days and I bought it on EMI and my whole credit card limit hav been held by them .... I didn't got a replace for this phone neither i got my money
Yes iam honestly reviewing after 1week of use this is best phn in this range but poco has to implement some extra future's and build quality and ir face lock also gud but it also unlocking even when we are closing our eyes and the main thing that this is a 845 processer in this price range this is the beast phone hope so this is helpful for u Thank u!!!
Value for money Good processor as well as camera also
Great experience with poco f1. Lot to explore. But i am not happy with miui 10. lot of features missing compared to my earlier os emui 9. Custom reply not drive me to message app. Like that few features are missing. Apart from performance nad batter life are very good.  Happy with the purchase. Thanks amazon for timely delivery
use google camera which is far better then default camera. face readaing is awsome, can detect face in midnight with out any light.  this phone is for performance, so its very good for performance. you can use this phone as computer. you can do almost many things.
Very nice phone , works fast and feels snappy every thing is good just the battery life seems to be a weak point ,don't update your phone use it with miui 9.6 stock version it works fabulous ... Bank for your buck
Firstly thanks to Amazon To provide such good deal and service i am very happy with product mobile is very awesome....its like a jet plane you just click on something at the moment you get response.....Thanks Amazon 😍😍😍😍
Best device under 15k who need performance. There are some frame drops and touch essue in pubg in miui 10.0.5.0 but after update in miui 11.0.5.0 all problems are dixed.. if u buy this device plz upgrade to miui 11.0.5.0 it is best update till now.. no heating and battery essue... I love it. Plastic built but i no problem.. Camera is good.
Awesome battery life, without play any games mobile will stay long up to 30hrs. Pubg runs in HD+ without any lag. Great Phone to play pubg at this low cost..
Excellent Mobile Phone in this Performance  also very Good Battery backup is also good compared to other Mobile but this TIME You buy Bcoz Corona Virus Dieses Going On Be careful. This is Chinese Product.
Nothing to dislike in this device...every thing from finger print scanner to gameing is quick... Camera is 3 for 5, performance 5 for 5 cmng to gaming i prefer it every gamer out their go for it ...i played cod ,pubg for hours battery is quite ok.... So... In conclusion i say go for it ....u will love it.....Bless u..
Initially I've received a Faulty device the fault was no vibration...in phone and on replacement product it worked fine....so Amazon should check before sending it to cxs.
Great phone for my next two years.My comments are after 2 months of usage.Butter smooth experience!Really love the way processor is responding.Why wasting money on phones having 48,64 MP cam phones which literally uses 12 MP sensor?
Dude buying this phone is totally a no Brainer man, nobody literally nobody is gonna give such an awesome phone for such a terrific price. I was scared at first of all the quality control issues I had heard of but as of now I have no issues at all its been like 2 months. I feel like I'm using a premium flagship and not a 15k phone!
When i was ordered this item i have some worries about the phone Is the phone have any screen bleeding issue I heared aome phone has battery issues When the phone delivery first  i check the screen, camera then battery perfomance Perfect perfect camera  and system perfomance
Phone is great specially the gaming performance and game booster u can see the live fps count on the sceen which is very use full for gamers many people says that poco f1 is not worthy buying in 2020 but when u will use it by own it feels like it is released yesterday there is only one problem the charging speed is very low other wise it is great
What an amazing phone. Still a beast in 2020, if you want this for pubg just go with your eyes closed. But do check out for bad quality product sometimes, you can replace it though. The device i got doesn't have battery drain issue nor ghost touch issue. It is awesome, even uptil iphone 7 they don't support HDR graphics in PUBG but POCO F1 does.
Poco F1 is still good deal in 2020 i purchase this but in this variant i face touch issue like so sensitive touch than work with wire and other things after all everything is best i like this phone more than realme xt it's better in everything than realme xt i compare personally
Great.!  After update antutu score is amazing. Can play pubg on HDR ultra smoothly. SD 845 is much better than G 90t. G 90t heats a lot  while heavy gaming that's why poco f1 is a good option than redmi note 8 pro.
This product have touch problem, its kind of multi touch when I try to touch on something else, some other thing pops up. I was not sure then I try typing and I found the error, I cannot type "a" when I do it takes "l". Even if you try typing I take "space" between the letter. I would like to return it. And as well as refund me.
Charging speed is slow although it contains fast charger......in comparison with one plus and moto....it takes 1 hour 45 min something But battery backup is good.... Camera is above average...... Snapdragon 845 so fast...... And screen is bright and good quality......  Everything else is awesome...
This is a winner handset even in 2020 also. The phone screen size is perfect in the world of tab sized handsets. Phone runs smoothly in heavy work scenario as well. Battery life for a day will satisfy you. Only concern is POCO is lacking in android updates it still runs on Android 9 , whereas Android 11 is right at the corner.
When I have playing pubg without any lag and game play so smooth running. 4 to 5 hour best Battery backup phone.   Best thing i have saw  night mode  face unlock I am so surprised I love it night time unlocked mode I am so happy.  Best Selfe Camera phone.  This is the one of the best smartphone under 15k budget.
processor is good . But Mi software is worst ever. And display response while playing games is poor. When Ever phone heats tha game starts to lag. Better try other brands with Snapdragon processor for good experience.
I have purchased my mobile as on Oct 8, 2019.The present condition of my camera is not stable and I can observe lines while taking a pic and video.I have already updated the OS but the problem still persists.please resolve the issue. If not I would like to exchange the mobile within warranty period.
Great buy.. +Tive Blazing faster and better comparing to all 30k mobile's Nice front & back camera Snapdragon 845!!! No need say Single time you can use many apps easily  -tive Screen (it looks not gud comparing now-a-days u will get full screen mobile @ 10k) Nothing
good mobile a littile bit problem of screen bleeding but thats ok , no major problem phone is working smmoth. Mfg date - Oct 2018
This is currently the best buget gaming phone under 15k segment . Powered by Snapdragon 845 ,the performance is seamless . Photos can get better if you use an ported Gcam. Fingerprint reader and an IR  face unlock is amazingly fast . Screen is an LCD but ,hey not gonna complain it's one of the higher tier lcd on the market . overall a realiable performance beast .
Got 128gb variant only for 13399/- Best at this price.. I am just happy to receive such a powerful phone in just 13k
This is the best product i have ever used in my life. The phone style is awesome and it's very fast as it have snapdragon 845. It's colour was awesome and there is no issue with it's body material. This variant is awesome for regular use. I am using it and telling you to use it also. Awesome phone of xiaomi. Love poco. Love xiaomi.
Exchange price over4000/-,very good processer,battery,display
Thanks, Amazon for replace my poco f1 because some display bleeding issues was came in my mobile. My New poco mobile is exilent in this price segments. No problem to buy this mobile. Thank you.
Multi touch and screen freez issue i am facing on this device if you playing pubg mobile you will face this issues
I got POCO F1(6-64) at Rs.15999, in this price you get previous year flagship processor, great camera, ad free miui experience, stereo speakers, infrared face id(works almost 98% accurate, flawlessly works in dark), what do you want more? It's run pubg in hdr high frame rate ❤️and lag free. Totally worth of money
After 1 month of usage battery without gaming last for 20 hrs with music, movie, browsing, social media etc with gaming last for gaming it last for 8 to 9 matches of full time Pubg. Charging time is more. This is after 2 months of usage battery is still excellent. Hangs sometimes just for 1 second, that is not problem at all
Nice product...But baterry serves is medium...not bad after all..It gives you one day in heavy uses, and one and half hour days in casual uses...Performance is awesome..Fase unlock is very fast..
This phone has everything more than what a phone at 13.5k can offer.  The chip, the storage, the RAM, the battery.  I like the color though which is easy better than red and black.
I love this phone😍 . But one problem in this phone is her battery backup is not enough😠. This phone's backup is maximum 6 to 7 hours.I'm very disappointed😠😠😠 .But phone is wonderful.
Complete budget mobile solution with latest features and high/promosing specifications.  Thanks for providing such a wonderful mobile configuration under this price.  There is no match of this mobile.
Not satisfied with performance..my mobile got strucked at least once or twice in a day while play pubg.very slow Charing .touch is not working properly at corners .I replaced mobile,again I have faced the same and then I returned.that to 8 gb ram also if working like this..it is very worrest.
Best Phone I have ever seen. It's a good product from Xiaomi
Bought for rs 18999. I'm in love with the performance of the phone. There's no phone with Snapdragon 845 in this price segment. The carbon fibre of armoured edition is soo good. The phone looks cool.
See it's still a legendary device and always will be. Ultra smooth everything. Just but it and have fun and for another help "DON'T USE THE GUESTURES" AND FINGERPRINT SCANNER"  "USE FACE ID AND NAVIGATION BUTTONS" TO SAVE A GOOD AMOUNT OF BATTERY" the device is amazing.
Amazing performance. If your budget is low and still want flagship performance then go for it. I got 6gb ram 128gb internal storage unit for 13400/- only Shop using sbi card u will get 1600 discount instant and 1000 after order dispatched in amazon pay balance.
Awesome mobile i got it from amazon @18999 8gb ram and 256 gb variant, battery life and finger print sensor works great and camera works fine and internet speed in this mobile is superb thanks to amazon such a valuable product and thanks XIAOMI
This is totally awesome deal! Exchanged my Note 5 Pro and got in this within 8-8.5k/- ! Was worried for its look...but its not actually that bad as i thought... instead it feels and looks good....goona try skins too if i get bored😍
Overall good configuration within budget, this product is highly recommendable. Bit lack in ui interface as per my view(negligible), but after MIUI upgrade it is good enough.
with exchange and offer got this phone on 12500 rupees. and i guess its the only phone having SD 845 under 15000.
For the price its at I really did not expect to get something this good. Extremely quick at completing tasks and it has a decent camera. Battery life is kickass, fast charging is on point. I am totally in love with this piece of tech. Thanks Xiaomi!!!
Excellent value for money with snapdragon845 good performance good camera and battery back up I bought this phone for gaming value for money 👍
The best budget mobile for low light photography...inbuild effefts are too good and G cam compatible... Highly recommended.  I have a Samsung Quard cam...but it dont hv shutter speed controlling ability...so bought this just for low light stuffs..and effects are amazing...
The picture clarity is good if I increase the brightness to 100% only if it is 50% brightness I am getting dark shades in photos. The battery is good and it is lasting for two days only at 50% brightness or else at 100% brightness for one and half days only. overall the POCO F1 is perfect for me.
Nice phone with flagship features. But lags in performance a little compared to actual flagship phones. Fingerprint reader is fast. Camera performance is awesome with gcam support. Battery life is decent. Some times very rarely having touchscreen unresponsive issues. Speed is good. Can play PUBG without lags.
Sound Output is Just Average tough it has dual speakers, Stock Camera is Okeyish didnt try the GCAM UI is smooth. For day to day activites more than enough. But if you are looking for Camera, please excuse yourself from buying this mobile.
Delivery was on the date and I'm love with my device. I aslo brought Ringke Back cover ; the red one and it's so perfect now.
best phone ever. never hangs. very good camera. look wise also good. 845 sd in such a low price. its got game turbo mode. it is very fast. i dropped it 2 times on the floor by mistake  and not a single scratch.
Poco is a beast when it comes to fps gamings. But buying this phone in 2020 is not a great idea. Still hats off to Xiaomi, literally a budget flagship killer!
Major touch issue. Ghost touch. Not recommended at all. Product is old model from 2018. Has major multitouch issues !
The phone doesn't look so premium but works like one. It gives a smooth gaming performance without significant heating. I loved the face detection process at dark. I have actually got no issues with the phone till now after using it for nearly four months.
All are busy looking note 8 pro...But this one is beast.Only looks and the display size is gud is note 8 pro ..comparing to this..camera is almost decent .not having wide angle photo and .so on..but if u put gcam the camera quality is more than enough..no adds and SD845 is better than G90T ...GO FOR POCO
Message service does not support...after update it start working...but in second update it fail in multi go
Screen bleeding issue
Don't by this phone now. Battery draining problem is a big issue now after the latest update. Before this it was a real flagship phone . And you can also face some lagging now just because of that update. Really disappointed on xiaomi for this. Better choose a phone launched recently
It has snapdragon 845 but while I was playing call of duty it had continuous lags, screen drops, hanging issues, very bad experience as per performance although camera was pretty awesome. Good battery. I don't recommend buying this now because I faced same issue after replacement aswell.
Even without prime membership, delivery was lightning quick. Although the unit is manufactured in 2018, doesn't habe any screen bleeding issue or ghost touch.  Working fine.
Nothing to be disliked at this price
VOIP calls were getting mute very frequently. The other party was not able to hear what I am speaking. Went to service center but they couldn't fix as they were claiming it is not hardware issue. I was disappointed with their response because VOIP calls are frequently used now a days.
As expected its a beast . Being a 3rd phone in my family its worth it always & now at 16k for 8/256 armoured edition its icing on the cake . Very recommended.
Superb performance of sd845. Giving rating from this phone only. Got a steal deal from Amazon. Best phone under 20k.
Everything is good, but still, there are some heating issues.....  Although you can go for this if 15k is your budget, it's totally good then.
Faulty product recieved !! Back panel swollen. Now getting replacement from Amazon is a pain in the ***. Worst service from Amazon. Although 5 Stars for the product !! 0 stars for Amazon.
Good combination of power from mi phone, battery life and display quality medium, otherwise camera, speed, call reception, overall top performer.
Hi I'm GK🤗., 1.Good better life 2.Gaming best mobile rs15000 3.Good &Fast fingerprint reader 4.Good Display 5.SD 845 smoother 6.Not heating problem 7. Under 15k best Gaming phone 8.Gaming all-rounder poco.
Very good mobile of Premium class..But it will have to be better in Gorilla Glass..It is getting scratched on normal use..Other wise best in his class.
One of the best phone still available in market, and with present price it is unbitable. I have bought this phone 1 month ago... Still no issue discovered... One thing that was in my mind which is the version of ANDROID, still in pie... Infact writting this review on poco F1....
Very bad service by Amazon... received phone was defective.. doesn't replace it..refuse to replace by Amazon supervisor.. very bad
Camera, display good
I got 8gb 128gb armoured edition version... everything is great in phone .....best phone under 20k for games....little bit heated up when play for 2-3 hours but its not feel too much on hands.
Thankless. Cheating
Display has screen bleeding and the curvature is to much at the bottom other than nothing to complain. As expected good battery life and performance.
Got Armored Edition in 16453 Rs., Best Value for Money Mobile available in the Market. Great Camera, Battery and fast processor. Believe me its Awesome.
The poco f1 is just more than what I expected as it is. Its a great performance oriented smart phone with an overall perfection in each of its aspects. The fingerprint scanner,face unlock and the liquid cooling technology do well contributions in order to make this phone a  grand success.
Best mobile in this price, good for gaming, no heating issue, no lagging just play games smoothly, camera is also best
No Amazon prime HD support But update also give but not working Amazon prime hd
I got this product today ( 05.03.2020) Its used product and the data cable is broken and the wrapper in all new mobile phones is not there. And the display have some black dots. There is no zero star review option. So I'm clicking on 1
Really good product. Has great battery life and performance as well.
I bought this device for 17k during the great Indian festival. The only problem u will face will be that it does not have an amoled screen. Pubg and all is soo soo cool in this phone. The back of this phone is so much cooler and long lasting being an armored edition with kevlar back.
Good. But in all MI expected IR blaster. It is not having. Battery is draining out bit faster comparing Mi 7 Pro
I installed two WhatsApp (dual app).  The problem is that when I receive any image and download it, after some time it says "media is not available on this device"  Then I have to switch off and on the mobile. Then again, I am able to see the image.
VERY HEAT Generator GHOST CONTACTS IN SECOND SPACE WHICH DISAPPER AND APPEAR AUTOMATICALLY NOT SUFFICUENT BATTERY WITH MOBILE DATA USAGE HAD TO CHARGE MOBILE TWICE A DAY. NOT AT ALL SUFFICIENT BATTERY AT ALL
Works fine even in 2020. Got it to edit my GoPro videos and the phone handles it very well even at 4k 60fps. For Rs.15,500 there's nothing to complaint and ask for.
Very speed face unlock, speed charging, speed operations. I bought this for 14399 rupees on 10% instant bank discount.  Worth every Paisa. If you want good performance mobile blindly go with this.
This phone is defective - doesn't gets switch on as well as doesn't get charged. Asked Amazon for replacements. Amazon scheduling inspection before taking back. but there service providers are not showing up and Amazon  delaying replacements intentionally. This is worst experience.
Perfect phone in terms of performance. All features are up to the mark. I loved it.  Note- Device body is a bit thick than normal phone, I want to mention this because some people prefer slim and sleak design, so take care of that.
I don't need to tell anything about it it's outstanding . But the case provided is little loose . Dust will go inside the case very easily and makes scratch on my beautiful rosso red back That's the only problem I face Totally satisfied
The product is very bad and it is heating up when using internet and not worth of 15999
Best purchase..working nicely..no problem with battery or screen as complaint by some users..bought at 19000 armoured edition.face unlock is amazingly fast even in the darkness.only issue i can see with the phone is that when you zoom in the camera the pixels of it gets teared.
This phone has aged well in the sea of smartphones at this price category. Running official MIUI 11 on Android 10.
Best phone if performance and gaming is priority with add on superfast face unlock
Awesome features especially snap dragon flagship processor 845 for a less price. Thanks to Amazon for providing a  super fast delivery in 30 min. I strongly recommend you to buy the product through Amazon as they deliver a original fresh product at lightening speed.
This is my 8GB 256GB poco Worst phone, over heating, touch issue, less performance, too much rendering while playing games (pubg). For normal use it's good but for gaming(pubg) it is very bad especially for pro players. I brought this only for gaming but it's not worth it
Its realy cheap for 13500. Really beats the shit out of the competition with the snapdragon 845, the best choice for heavy users, battery is just sufficient,no heating issues, notch is personal choice and doesnt bother me
Poco F1 is equal to One Plus 6. But price was very less Excellent job by poco f1
I think i got a defective product. I'm facing a lot of touch issues. I don't know it's a common issue or not. Anyway very bad experience when it comes to Amazon support
Everything is great... Except The speaker quality... The first one I got didn't got distorted after just a few days of usage, I got it replaced... But i don't use the speakers much now as I think they didn't put a quality durable one in the phone...
very good phone with 8gb 256gb variants, one of the best for gaming and having full day battery life after morethan average use
The processor is damn fast and camera is also gus enough
If Ur R Pubg Player The 3,4 Finger Claw Will Not Work Their Is A Ghost Touch Problem So think Over
Good product,and after reading all the reviews of it's successor, planned to buy this
Super fast phone. Excellent camera. 8GB and 256 gb is enough for any practical application including gaming and multitasking. Previously i was using MI Max 2 so won't comment on battery life as Max 2 has monster battery.
Love the Speed for 845. Only drawback is MIUI and Screen doesn't have Gorilla Glass 5
In 2019 still the best value for money phone, camera is good, battery charging is also fast, smooth gaming, and a beast
The Product has come without charging.. i have put for charging to start the product, i guess by default evey product comes with Minimum charging
Reviewing this product after 6+ months. Value for money product. Camara, screen, battery backup is very good.
I brought this for 13,500 during sale and it is total value for money
Very Poor Quality pHone.. Battery Life is Not Good.. If You buy This Phone For PUBG.. so.. this phone nOt For yOu ..alots Of Hanging PrOblem... and.. battry Life nOt gOod..After Updating phOne.. tmhara Dil karegA kAchre me Daal Du is phOne kO...
Good phone with just above average average battery life. Although battery lasts full day.
Great phone with good battery back up, best camera and ample internal storage. Not that suited for Lowlight photography though
Great overall phone. Everything is nice this phone. You can get used to the UI, and it's pretty nice actually.
Good mid range phone, with top range processor ahme Ram. Screen, camera and over all built quality is average though. Battery is a plus, so it finger print reader.
Awesome phone.. superfast.. sleek design..and the exchange price was absolutely outstanding.. got this phone in 11,400 by exchanging my Xiaomi note 5 Pro.
Received one year old stock and it's battery is problem draining
Beast....... Power...... Speed...... Super camera with google cam you can do much batter........ Best of all.... Pubg run very smooth on hdr at high frame rate, 😍😍😍 buy (6gb,128gb at 13,400) amazing deal super happy
After 1 months battery are damaged, and also system issue. After change the battery and providing software by mi service center, system issue still not. Solve. Apps are automatically stopped and restart. After repairing by services center not resolve the problem.
Performance 10-10 Display 8-10 Brightness 8-10 Camera 9-10 Battery life 7-10 (As backup decreasing day passes)
Seller has given 1 year old product (manufacture date was of 2018) otherwise everything is good about this mobile.
Battery Life is so poor  Good value for mony  Quick finger print reading
Bad product. Within a month of purchase (Oct'19) the swipe function does not work. Wanted to switch off the mobile but that also does not work. Wonder how to raise a complain or get a refund. Amazon is selling such sub standard product ! Abhijit Roy
Mobile is good. Xiaomi should give option to customers for Xiaomi apps. I don’t really like the apps from Xiaomi by forced to c see them regularly in my mobile
Performance all are good but only one thing when I charge this phone with company Adapter I observed a bit of current pass on camera lens. It so scary to me.
Battery life  and all are okay but it has a bit insesnsitive touch plus kinda unreliable appearance . Also it has very troublesome notifucation bar which doesnt work properly. For its discounted price it can do but at usual price u better opt something better.
Best performance
After 15 days from buying, the screen got damages, not hitted anywhere no crack or physical damage, everything checked by xiaomi service centre, they are saying screen need to change, no warranty apply for that, not even used properly...
Best phone for such this price
Battery is not a big issue for me but it can for others other then that its awesome. And come on guys its using SD 845 so obviously it will consume more battery
This phone is just amazing. The camera , speed of fingerprint reader ,face unlock etc what not !This is the  Best Purchase I have made.
 Second hand material used in new device.. I try to install app its showing interface of other user.. That means its hardware used from  other device and install in it.. May be second material used in this device..
Wonderful
Good phone  but miui 11 update does not bring android 10. So little disappointment with update it may also be possible that it stays with android 9. Performance is fine. It records good slow motion videos upto 240fps but at 960fps it records only for 1 sec.
The finger print is not being recogonized and the phone has been heating up so fastly within minutes( added the fact that i was away from home and hence used the phone for the first time today). I deeply regret the choice of buying this product from Amazon
Awesome performance but last two days its screen hang after call disconnected occasionally. I received on 15th august.
I have yet to find a fault in this. The only improvement area could be the weight. But not an issue with current weight. 💐💐💐
Poco F1 is awesome . First time I have bought a phine through Amazon.I have bought other products in amazon. But I was afraid whether in the phone box there would be phone or any other thing . Thank God I found Red Poco F1 that I ordered.
Gaming performance is great(pubg,call of duty,60fps gameplay,SD 845) Face unlock is fast(works great in low light) Camera is awesome (4k at 60fps,slow motion at 960fps,google camera works great) Battery life is good(fast charger 18W great)
5 out of 5 for AMAZONS ultra fast delivery. I bought it for my friend. As Far as price concerned, poco f1 with the price tag 15999, is the best phone, u can play PUBG on highest setting. and many more things....
Its juss being 20days i bot.. but my fone startd hanging alot.. i suppose doubt it cud b first pc😣😏
Best phone to buy in 20000 even after one year from the launch. Good camera, excellent battery life and powerful performance. Love it.
I had my doubts about it looks and the ugly notch but when I first tried it in hand I fell in love with it! Its the best value for money phone right now
Everything is good in this phone.....expect weight (heavy phone) and battery backup down after 6 month...Else everything is perfect..i love this phone
Phone is having a touch issue, touch is not working at 80 % of the screen and phone start doing functions automatically, I want a replacement
Speed is adequate.display is good except for minimal touch lag.camera is average.no hanging or heating issues.good built quality.
Value for money? Yes! I bought it during Great Indian Festival when Poco's prices were slashed 3000 and Mi was offering RS 1000 Amazon pay balance.
This product is amazing itself, but Amazon service is excellent to say without any headache exchange my old mobile, not like flipkart persons asking money after exchange mobile ridiculous flipkart useless thanks Amazon for better experience
Good phone. Refreshing camera quality. But speed Performance not in par with one plus 7T.
Got it for mom, irs value for money
Mobile signal reception is weak. I compared with Realme  X phone with the same SIM card of Jio in the same location. Realme is showing one point signal but Poco F1 is not at all showing signal.  Now I understood why it is cheap!
For full battery charge it takes more than 3 hours, and heating like iron, while charging or net uses. Change it now immediately.
Superb mobile god in this price range bought for 19k very satisfied with the mobile Everything is perfect
Good phone with nice cameras, finger print scanner and sound quality. I liked it.
Hate battery backup because of pubg but charger is very fast, after this phone I don't remember what is called 'lagging'
Definitely one of the best phones for the price. And on top of the already low price, the Amazon and SBI discounts, just wow. Definitely recommended for gaming. Loved the sale and the phone.
VERY  GOOD CAMERA AND performance  SMARTPHONE  POCO  F1 this phone camera is outstanding. this phone performance  is  VERY VERY ULTRA FAST
Goof
Released two years back..... Even now a day's no company offering snapdragon 845 processor in this price segment. Muti task management easy with this product.
Received a product exactly manufactured one year ago. We have to wait and see the performance . Battery only 3 %
It has MIUI (Not plain Android), so duplication of app is problem. Sometimes you don't hear anything on picking up call (1 call in 100). Otherwise, it is all good.
The best thing about this phone is,this is a developer's phone we can have the best performance from this phone,the one issue is display sensitive touch, screen bleeding,other wise if looks don't matter to you go for this beast,Best midrange phone.
Great and awesome product. Doesn't overheat even when playing games, No network issue since i have started using, Internal manufacturing feels great.
Rocks even in March 2020 gazab bhai bas gazab h Rapid delivery best phone finger print awesome face unlock super duper awesome unlock in fraction of second with face unlock even in 200% dim light trust me processor awesome
Very good phone. Clear photos whether it is close shot or distance shot. Good speed. More storage. Happy to use this phone. But within 5 months , I found the battery side is bulging. Where to exchange battery and repair it.
Battery is absolutely worst. Even if you don't touch the mobile it will continue to drain as fast as it can.
I get this poco f1 , its very nice , but I face a ptoblem , its battery is not charging may be charger not working , may be problem in data cable , so I order for replacement , and amazon will be deliver me as soon as possible . thanks Amazon
PUBG Comes 7-8full game with HDR grp with Ultra FPS Camera Very decent enough to make worthy snaps User friendly settings good OS too  18w charger and type C One day heavy usage battery endurance
Very good profomance battery & full money value
After 15 days use battery not works  when I visit service center to replace battery's are not available I lost my money for battery
Phone hangs and does not catch networks in areas where other phones on the same network provider do. Some apps do not work smoothly
I bought 8gb/256gb @15000 i am just statisfied not the great experience.. but i would recommend it if anyone who doesn't care about looks and ready to compromise some latest features ... Because from the price point of view its worth it...
Bought it on Dec 7 2019 and manufacturing date on box was October 2018.  1 year old battery so not sure how good its going to perform.
All is well, but display bleeding problem. More light is coming from the bottom of the display specially in white light. Fingerprint reader is very fast. Camera quality is very good and battery life is good.
Ghost touch issues with this phone.. received old manufactured phone (oct 2018).. and I've ordered in jan 2020.. don't waste your money on this one.. buy latest realme phones in this range.. they are better than this
Using for last 1month . Good camera and touch screen.No issues so far .Rec'd in good packing g with seal
Too fast to handle,and good camera.best for internet. Thank you for good product
Value of money
There was no problem in using it for 4 days but after that a lot of problems started coming as phone display notch area blinking
Well the manufacturing date on the box is for october 2018, seems like they are clearing old stock in the name of these sales. Very disappointed with it.
Processor is unbeatable at this price range. Camera is still one of the best. Battery life is amazing. An absolute beast , you dont need to compromise with anything. Very durable too. well done xiaomi
its a beast for an affordable price, I am really enjoying it.  No other smartphones in the market come with these specifications  I am loving this mobile and feeling good every time when my thumb plays on the screen.
Within 30 mins 50% charge is getting full. The best ever phone.
Battery backup even not whole day, you should improved it, other than that everything is amazing....Plz, reply to this for battery saver tips to improve backup time.....Thanks.
Worest phone never buy it
Don't even try to buy it. It's not even been 5months and the battery is swollen and battery isn't staying long it is switching off frequently now they are saying that it would not cover in warranty . My worst decision ever.
It's battery is awesome as i charge my phone in morning and it remains till night .camera quality is very impressive by installing g cam.its main highlight is Snapdragon 845 such a fast processor which make this phone more valuable.
Left side show the screen covers YouTube apps
Everything is great but the rear camera is not that good it's a strong phone
I love poco f1, Blassing speed Smooth touch responce Battery good No light face unlock awesome Fast response fingerprint All about super Amazon super deal i buy 13400 only Value of money.....
This one goes beyond imagination. Poco F1 stands alone as Best class in good budget.
It's still good in 2020 just because of processor Snapdragon 450. Camera, fingerprint and all other things are good.
Great battery life & performance. This phone does not get bogged down by the high number of apps intlled. The camera quality is excellent, though the zoom quality is below average. Overall it is totally worth the price.
Touch issue.....camera is not great.... But Internet speed is very good and fast.
Perfect choice .. I m fully satisfied with poco f1 performance. Better than #Oneplus6t, realmeX, vivo zx, redmi8pro,honorplay,
This is a very excellent product truly a matter of speed!! Though the back is of polycarbonate is feels like brushed metal.
Battery life is very poor.. what is a use of having flagship mobile with poor battery..
Compact, highly features, clear snaps, battery life though good but scope to improvised, value for money product in its segment. Well recommended.
A fantastic smartphone at this price range. Can compete with flagships like Oneplus 5t. The notch is pretty big and the corners seems to be cut more but overall it's a great phone with a powerful processor.
Processor is the life to this phone. Camera quality, mainly the 4K 60fps video is a lot good. Batter charging speed is quite low, that for battery life.. Gaming experience is good...overall.!
Amazing mobile phone at a reasonable budget. Processing is very good. Camera quality is also amzing. Amzing face detector and fingerprint reader. Overall best mobile phone at this price range
Best in price and excellent in performance Highly recommended Buy this 845 in low cost Never hanging
Nice mobile in this price. Camera quality 4/5 Display 4/5 Sound quality 5/5 Fingers print 5/5 Processor 5/5 In built memory 256 gb/ 8 GB ram Super mobile Good xiomi Vadodara gujarat
Poco is good mobile phone and very much sitisfied with battery life and camera. Only expectation which was not met was either 2and SIM can be inserted or extra memory card and not both.
Quality
Snape dragon 845 octacore processor is amazing fast, 4000 mah battery work good after 10 hours of use it reach 60%  2 year old model still gem of mobile phone marvelous mobile phone.thanks for fast one day delivery.
All function are good , but when most apps are used once in a time I found apps are freeze at the start of mobile use.
Just go for it guys, just go don't think it's a great phone with great specs . I bought in Great Indian festival sale and i got amazing deal. Don't listen anyone it's a better choice .
When I bought touch seems laggy but aftr a update(still in android8) it is mucher faster in touch and performance too.. I am happy with the poco f1. Good awesome phone in this price nothing can challenge in performance wise.
Got this mobile for 13.4k(with 16k price having 1k as Amazon pay balance and 10% discount for pre-payment) and this is a very good bang for buck at that price range. Nothing to say more than that as all knows what sd845 is.
Just awesome, but screen touch functionality is not that good, may be it's due to software.. super fast, smooth, not lagging. Cooling is good,
Fingerprint not needed ,....its been 6 month I have been using only face unlock ...and I m pretty sure it can easily challenge apple's face ID
Still the best. Bought it secomd time. Earlier one screen got shattered due to fall. Had 128/6 gb now got 256/8 gb. Must have protective cover.
I got a phone with so many issues restarting and hanging.after one month I have not received mobile replace or repair.still mobile is with service centre so I strongly not recommended this mobile.
Nothing to dislike - thing's a beast - gaming to camera to display(no screen bleeding in mine?) to features - this phone is unbeatable - you ain't getting snapdragon 845 and such camera performance at15k in any other phone
On a budget it rocks!! But there are still some software issues.
Amazing product one of the best mobile phone under this range its has best battery life nd amazing customize feature, One the Best gift to give someone 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I have been using this phone for a week and it is doing very well. It lacks NFC, wireless charging which someone like me hardly needs at all. The camera, performance etc. all seem comparable with those of other much higher priced phones.
I think this is the best mobile under 16k and better than redminote 8 pro and other camera quality best and don't forget snapdragon 845, only thing you have to do is use your poco carefully dont drop it otherwise it best.
emi not converted which offer was emi interest free Why cheat me ? I have balance for payment What should I do
Network performance is awesome but camera quality is not good as expected ( compared to Redmi note 6 pro ) : Battery life is also not good : finger print and screen quality is very good : Overall 3 star quality
Performance top notch I buy this in October 19 and used couples of month I am confused between k20 or poco F1 but for me performance itls matter so I wnet with the poco performance beast in upper budget segment
Fill up my requirements... I have confusion between mi note 9, realme 6 pro, poco F1 But after performence score all of this device Finally poco fill all requirement except design In mid range device
Excellent flagship phone under 20k .... Meet my expectations for gaming.... The gaming experience is so good .. The main thing in this phone the IR face unlock..it unlocks phone in no light places also...
Under budget its good one. Those who looking for internal storage and battery backup can go for it. But for camera lovers can go for upgraded one.
This is my second poco F1 in 6 months. Bought this one on a sale, great value for money. Great camera, very good battery life, stays cool after long duration use too.
Overall the phone is amazing. The only missing thing is battery life... It ends in half day if you use the phone continuously... I think a 4000 Mah battery lasts for one full day after continuous use. I liked the phone
Battery life 10 hours,speaker complaint,voice not clarity
With this price you cannot complaint about anything.
everything is okay.. but i didn't get that why that phone box didn't wraped by plastic, usually it does... and i saw 2 seals on both side one is taken off easily and i saw a chinese logo.. i don't get that.
phone is awesome except it hangs little bit while operating multiple apps
Smarty smartphone I like very much all feature s of this  phone
Great Phone. MiUi is intrusive with Ads. Should be shipped wiht Google Andriod One.
Without a doubt Poco F1 is one of the awesome Phone in all term, after a 1 and half years its still capable to compete to now a days high-mid range Phone.... Hope Poco will delivered the Products in future.....
Battery backup is not good Nd i don't use another applications i use only for calling but it has battery problem
Rear camera is not so good, pin for head is also above rt side ,which touches the screen n disturb. It should be at bottom as usual . Split screen option is not there. Rest is avarage.
 Camera , processor, battery, are awesome But tuch issues problem some time while playing video on YouTube in my case. Good for gaming and camera user.
For a 256 GB memory phone with 8 GB ram the battery life should have been a little more like 4.5 or 5 Mha....
Phone is outdated but it can out perform any phone till date with its beastly performance in this price range. No one is near to its performance  in its price range. It made me its fan..I love my poco f1
Camera quality is up to the mark Battery drains faster when you use continuously for 5-6 hours .... Like from 98% to 30% Face lock is superb Dual camera set up is good ...but would have been better.
Nice product
Nice product
The touch screen and UI of this phone is not good.  The touch screen stop working at certain times.
Very good phone for this price.speed is remarkable .
It's perhaps the best phone money can buy in terms of it's value. Amazing camera and with gcam it's unbeatable. Good battery life indeed.
Nice phone with good features plus i like the infrared scanner camera phone opens with face lock even in night in second
Not satisfactory , phone hanging issue is there without even downloading any games , touch response is also very poor, opperatig phone is very slow response. Not worth
POCO F1 is a advance smartphone. Fingerprint reader is very smooth , important & useful for security. Due to liquid cooling inside the mobile battery & smartphone life have improved for long period and also avoid to hang out.
Quick delivery,genuine product, device is very smooth ,no lag . 😍 camera has clarity and it has video stabilisation
I am feeling amazing after using it... Everything looks excellent and the its cooling technology is simply amazing .... I used it for last 4h hours and didn't feel heat ...Go for it .... No tension...
Well the product is good no doubt but expected it to be far better, the scroll down in apps like FB is not fast enough even the typing speeds are also not upto the mark...
Value for money very Good Phone with excellent discount.
Received defective product. Bleeding issue and also received one year old product. But returned and received good product. Now happy with mobile. Camera image processing is ultimate. Loved the speed.
1 star less for that screen bleading issue...
This is one of the best products by xiaomi. Added with excellent delivery by amazon. The phone is fast. Battery is powerful. The face unlock is super fast. All in all a great phone. Must buy
This is legit product of poco f1, I was skeptical first but the phone is a flagship killer. Impressive, I would buy poco f2 if it is available. I've been using it now for a week and is smooth working perfectly.
Fall in love this mobile
Suiting to needs to maximum, cutting very less on pocket due to the advantages of this PocoF1 smart phone
Good luck with the type of the processor.
Worst product, I think you gave refurbished product to me, mobile is not working properly,2gb ram mobile better then this product, lagging ( even videos can't play) and it's  worst product, cheaters
It has great hardware for the price. Camera is average though. Gcam is recommended. The software experience was great, but the latest update had throttled performance, so rather disappointed with the company.
Best gaming phone. Image quality is low, Best price Value for money
Snapdragon 845 within 15,000......pubg lovers go for it........no real me 5 pro,no mi k20,no oppo or no vivo........poco still rules the gaming era that too in budget
Not poco f1 first,.   2nd poco f1.... Very slow processor, and battery life fast drain..... This price15999₹  .
Even after connecting to a wifi connection, the phone disconnects from it in less than a minute.... How's that even possible? Above this when it connects again, it's working damn slow (like an 2G/3G network)
The best phone among phones in this class.
The best performance mobile at the price segment but every pocof1 is having touch issues and multi touch problem and nothing more great phone with the best it face unlock which any other phone has
Speed is good enough..no lagging..user interface quite good..fingerprint reader best camera quality enough. Battery life... good good..
Camera is really pathetic... Battery drain so fast if you play games like PUBG, Cyber Hunter.... And every Big issue of all is this phone is having liquid cooling system still so much heating issues...
Battery life is good...efficiently working but camera quality of this phone is not bad but actually worse... When you zoom images get blurred...  Only selfie lovers like this but pls don't look for clarity.
Good product. Camera should've been better at this price point.. Needs improvement.. otherwise mobile is perfect for day to day use....
Expected more
Poco f1.... Compared with the price point, the features offered by the phone is good. The only con for me is that the phone is heavy. Continuous usage and my hand starts to pain. Otherwise its good enough.
High performance smartphone. Amazing!
I know 4 people that own poco f1 and none of them are dissapointed with the performance of this phone. This phone is the true definition of 'value for money'.
Just no words for performance
I like finger print reader very fast reaction, Battery life is average, back camera is very good quality
I like everything but my personal favourite is ir face unlock sensor work super in night without any artificial light and it's camera and performence is real flagship
Budget friendly mobile I love the camera Battery life is too cool of course am not a gamer Processor is also very high end Love this got it for 14,400/- Within my budget
Great phone for great price , value for money .greater flagship processor , good RAM and ROM , decent camera , good sterio speakers , and Android 10 avalible .over all for the price it's great .
had to ask for a replacement unit as the phone came with a cracked/scratched screen and the replacement unit came on march 9 and its only about 1 month and my charging cable is already not working anymore
This is the perfect phone even after almost an year. Better than Real me X. You get the best specs @best price.
Got this for only 13400rs For the 6gb ram /128gb storage varient Auur kya chahiye 😂
Amazing gameplay experience in pubg
Awesome overall performance
This is my third. 2x8GB  1x6 GB . It's nice
The mobile at the discounted price is worth buy.
Nice looking phone with great performance and great cooling. Just awesome if you want snapdragon 845 at this price I just say no other phone will compete this device in performance.
Best phone for its price.
Sim holding tray quality very poor with compare price and other feature need lits if improvement it hardly cost 10 to 15 rs to nanufactrer
Absolutely value for money phone. Front camera not good in low light condition, solid build, super fast processor. Its a good choice even in 2019 . if u love pure performance just go for it.
Facing automatic factory reset problem. Tired of installing the phone again and again
Unable to uninstall MI Browser. There is lot of disturbance in MI browser.
Theke best.
Received a damaged piece with a small crack and minute scratches all over the screen. Applied for return immediately.
The only drawback is that being the flagship product of Xiaomi it doesn't give you the premium feel. (Back panel of the phone) rest assured that the product is awesome..
Excilent quality provide by seller !! Nice packging,but shiping is few late, Overall nice phone provide, no doubt buy from this seller !! i got this phone only Rs 13399, 128gb Im so happy !¡!!!
Very Good Product Value for money.
Value for money The best bait during the great India festival
Great as I got it under 15k  Best phone if you can get it under 15K if not go with realme Pro series at least you get notchless amoled panel and better design
First day review: its amazing....with the ram and memory it carries...make you care free to not worry about processing and storage. Will update after some use.
I bought this phone but i found lotof issues with this mobile phone.  Glass is too weak, Hanging issue, Battery issues....
Flagship phone with lighting speed processor, AI camera, fast fingerprint reader and so many positive things in it. If this phone is available after two years, I will go for it.
Its a performance beast for a small price but the mi heavily customised UI is very snappy and not performant. Sometimes with such a beast configuration there are lags
Battery and camera, of course, are a big plus. But touch screen is not at all that great I had in LE TV and Huwaei.. 😘 Can I request for a replacement...!!!!!
Wonderful camera.. Picture clarity is 100% pakka
All good. 1 star less just BCoz Pie update not available yet.
Quality-good, Shipment-quick
Battery backup is not working fine within half day its got discharged.please exchange it.battery backup issue Please Call me this 8050460990 i want to exchange this phone.
Its an awesome buy. The big notch causes a small problem, does not show message properly. Other than that its lighting fast, great battery life. 5* from me.
Excellent performance overall
Super hit phone. I buy is 2nd time.
Best phone for PUBG
I found water in the package and damage to the outer part of box however product was good amazons package is worst
I am very satisfied with Poco F1. Only if it could come with stock android!!!
First thank u dealers and Amazon for delivering product safe and good, About the product, If you are looking for an Android mobile under 20k. You can choose Poco as first preference.
Yes ,its an outdated model --but its really good for the money . Superb performance ...
This is my first time ordering phone online..was not sure to order it online..But m happy after I got my phone,,trustworthy,and good quality,happy for the product.
Poco F1 armoured version is pure phone for speed and not for fancy look. And the armoured back made me fall in love with it.
FOR PUBG CHEAP AND BEST GO FOR IT THIS IS BeAST FOR GAMING SNAPDRAGON THE BEST THAN COMPARED TO EXYNOS SAmSUNG M30s  I BOUGHT THIS FOR 14939 U CAN BUY 8gb 256 FOR 13939 GREaT VALUE FOR MONEY GUYS
Speaker one is k but other one is not k
One of the best in the market. I didn't face any issue till now and it's performance is superfast. Really like MIUI11 update on Android 9.
I liked the phone , but they are still selling  Oct 2018 stock with screen bleeding issues
Not as aspected, sometimes it feels like used item,some time it feels like fake or duplicate item.
Performance is so good at this price segment and specs are so good it is only phone that comes with Snapdragon 845 at this price. Camera quality is so good also.
One speaker not working
The battery life of the phone is not much as it get discharged within 10-12 hrs with playing games like pubg. The high processors allows to have high performance and lag free game
Excllent Phone at this price hardware snapdragon 845  https://www.amazon.in/gp/product/B07W21JL29/ref=cx_skuctr_share?smid=A3K437KVP2N28L
Good camera quality, space and features
Poco is best in market for long time use and descent price now
Fingerprint reader is very fast and face unlock super fast, it's works perfect low light battery is so good but camera quality average..I am very happy for buy this phone thanks amazon...
Poco is an awesome phone with mid range flagship chipset. Thank you mi for this terrific phone at this rate.. With this gaming is vere level.
Like Old model
Looking for best performance and battery life..Just go for it..Cash worthy Smartphone.. Or Looking for camera and other latest features,try some other latest models on market..
One of the best device by Xiaomi. Fingerprint And Face Unlock is blazing fast. Battery Backup is amazing. Performance it's a beast. Overall a Value for Money Flagship.
Best phone till jan 2020 as it fulfill all requirements and other need can be fulfilled via mod mode app. Also best in price with great specifications of hardware and software.
Performance and battery excellent.
Best Phone . Worth its price . There's a reason why this Phone is still compared to today's Phone in this budget . After slashing it's price to 14000 no other Phone can compete with it.
Good phone with a superior processor in this price but Weight is more. Camera works fine in Night mode but selfie camera does not have zoom facility
Overheating and touch issue on this phone and mic not working better I would like to replace this but mobile is 4months old so I decided to repair this so pls help me to stop this issues 🙏
Yeah, I bought it for 13399. It is a nice price. Completed two months and working nice but the camera has not reached the level of my expectations. But remaining all are good.
Phone is good, offers from amazon about free screen replacement are bogus don't believe in amazon, they'll back out from any and all responsibilities when questioned
Nice android fone ever...price to performance ratio is so good
Mobile like a bullet speed very fast facelock and fingerprint even battery also very nice backup
Good phone what else
Multi touch issue is in my device....when play pubg....sound guality- High trable,sound quality is not better then note 7 pro..BUT ALL OF THE OTHER THING IS AWESOME REALY.........
It's been 1 year since it launched, i still fell that no phone can compare to this, just bcz of its infrared and processor speed.
Good phone ,its fast.But a minor issue is that I observed screen bleeding in my mobile.Its not a big issue.But if it spreads over the screen.you should approach nearby service centre
Value for money but expected more battery life..
Can be appraised after some days of usage
It's over heated
True value for money product Snapdragon 845 at this price of 15999 and that too with 128 gb storage i mean its complete..!!
Very good product for low price mobile gaming. Fast processing, good camera, no ir blaster.
It has a good processor and camera and very good storage
Very low battery life and gaming performance pubg lags notification screen locks a lot while using Netflix. Battery and lagging are main issues.
Greater than it's looks Only camera is not as good as today phones But speed is best
Amazing mobile Worth for this price
The best smartphone under 20000 is poco coz it gives great processor, great camera, great battery life and the most important it is in budget of every middle class family
Good one for gamers
I love this mobile after 1year now i buying for my sister
It's a good one to buy for day to day work except calling as the speaker volume is very low
 Best performance beast at awesome price..just lacking behind in looks ...
Great processor. Runs smooth. No any notable heating issue on regular usage. UI is pleasant to use. A back case and a tempered glass is mandatory.
Very nice product and it's quality of fingerprint reader and battery life, camera quality.
Very fast and accurate fingerprint scanner..battery life is also amazing..screen quality is little bit low..face unlock is very fast even at extremely dark conditions....
The phone is fast and can handle anything thrown at it but MUI 11 has some bugs ... They could have gone with Android one then it would have been the best phone to buy.
The design is old but the proccesor is a true flagship processor much better than redmi and real me phones for gaming
This phone is epic with this price range if u r buying for gaming this is the king in this its price range ...... There r some issues also but it will be solve with first update
Nice but notch and chin are big
Super product my mobile manufacturing November 2018 but no screen bleeding and touch issue nice quality no doubt go for poco F1 6gb ram 128gb edition
Nice product . Believe me the 845 processor is just love😘
This phone is nice. Not too much good. Average only. Sound problem persist during pubg mobile
Awsm device in this price segment. I purchase it only 13400 (6+128) in diwali offer. Pubg runs very smooth without any leg in this device.
Worth for money decent camera, fast Snapdragon processor, 1day battery backup... Overall it's package..
Its good quality camera and wile using the cam charging will decrease speedly
This phone is a excellent and best feature in this category.  Battery may increase to 5000 mah.
Fingerprint works good Camera quality is also good Battery life is given by poco is good as I can use my phone all day after charging once. In all go for poco f1 😌
A total value for money mobile phone
Screen touch not good don't purchase this product in 2019 at this price point... ghost touch issue.
Poco is a flagship killer but heat management/liquidcooling facility is not working very well ,camera and other features are satisfactory
Value for money
Battery life of the product is very less it gets discharge in 5-6 hours. Very poor battery performance. Need to replace the phone. Phone is also 2018 manufacturing.
Battery is draining little fast as it is a 4000 mah battery setup same as in redmi note 4 but redmi note 4 performs better. I hope this will be handled soon in next update.
845 gaming beast, camera is above average not like iphone camera but still it capture very good image and and and at this price i dont think no one came near as a apponent.
I am happy.
lot of issues network and battery life and apps got strucked while using even amazon cant support to replace dont waste money to buy this product from amazon
Battery life is average. And it heats a lot while playing games. Not recommended for gamers out there searching for a budget gaming device.
Phone calls are getting disconnect now n then. Amazon please help Big screen need better battery capacity  Performance wise this phone is good
Best in it's Segment.
The black film over the screen started coming off within 1 week.... Not desirable when u r buying a new phone... Also battery drains pretty fast when idling as well..
worst btry life dnt buy it
Phone strucking at a moment....display is very poor
AFTER ON MONTHE USE MY HEADPHONE JACK NOT WORKING PROPERLY AN LOOSING METAL CONTACTS...SLIGHTLY DISAPPOINTED...
Very good
Excellent phone for money ,camera is great ,this variant seems to be flagship killer similar performance to other flagship phones at higher price,but many times  fingerprints are not recognized
Ghost touch issue is sooooo annoying. Then the product was manufactured in October 2018 ! Battery backup is average ..
Got an used product in worst condition heatup a lot just after paying 2-3 games nd lags as well battery backup is very bad..without using at night battery keeps draining.
screen bleeding, heating, and battery drain issue, I need a replacement or refund
Value for money. Amazing camera. Battery life is very nice
Camera is not clear, sound is average, speed is average and i totally told that it is a average quality phone.
I bought a 6GB / 128 GB for 15k Rs. It's worth every penny. It's far better than the latest models of all phones.  SD 845 at 15k is just unbelievable.
Best mobile in the price
This phone is a beast in this price range, good camera, super fast face unlock and fingerprint, amazing processor... Means it worths every single penny... Loved it .. ❤❤
Nice phone. Very fast and Value for money. Snappy Fingerprint Unlock, Camera Quality is not flag ship level but fairly decent. Battery life too is good. Overall 4/5
Product is good enough memory and it's sturdy one. Having battery, mic, speaker some issues. Otherwise it's good one.
Love the battery life and camera quality.
Great flagship experience at a pocket friendly price.
Performance is top notch. Camera is better with Gcam support. Should buy this device if you're power user & not much concern with looks of the device.
Best product This is my first smartphone Ihave searched smartphone for a while for the best and now its in my hand
Classic picture quality,good battery life,best phone
Best phone ever Preferable for game lover, rough and heavy users Overall perfect phone ever... Display and screen glass quality could be better
Wrost phone heating too much and battery life very bad touch issues and do not buy it waste of money
Super phone
Good phone. Excellent fingerprint reader.Excellent gaming.Good camera quality.Moderate battery life. Display quality good but it create pressure on eye rest are good.
Screen Touch is very bad sometimes even it doesn't work. Mobile hang for few second. Some time even touch of clothe give over response. Multiple screen touch problem.
I m not happy with this product. cause front camera is not working and back camera is also hanged. Very upset with this brand. request amazon team to refund my amouny
this is a perfect phone for those who do heavy gaming and processor intensive tasks. screen was also perfect and the camera is also good. Happy poco user :)
Overall product good but having issue with battery performance not up to the mark. network problem Voice cracking most of time.  Facing some touch issue in major app.
Touch is not working...can u pls do the needful
Flimsy case cover,nice and responsive fingerprint reader.Battery is not bad for everyday use but heats up a little bit while gaming.
Best phone, perfect working, nice camera
Don't buy the display cracks and color is failure 10 days of use, waste of money
This is an awesome phone
Superb phone
All you need in one phone.There is no need for a review as you already might know what you are dealing with if you are in the poco f1 page
Worst phone never buy
Value for money & perfect buy for PubG gaming. Camera did not meet expectations , body quality looks cheap
I think I made the right choice to buy this phone. Even in 2019 its a good idea to buy this phone cuz its development team is working nicely to keep it up to date...
I like fingerprint reader which is so fast.... I hope it will get continue till long time. I doesn't like sim slot system... It will be like 2 sim with sd also.
Good
poco F1 smartphone is real gaming best smartphone i loved it 😍
disp;ay of the mobile is very fragile i drop it once from 2 feet hight and it broked and it costed 7000+ simply dont buy this one
Good
Was scared because it was last year's model. But trumps other phones around me, including m30s and m40s. Strong battery life. Great camera. Very fast. No complaints.
Osm mobile
Good one..
Awesome phone
You are playing pubg so do not bye this mobile while I'm playing pubg its doing good but so many times this divice dropping frame drops this is bad in this divice .
Good device for pubg and all features are work properly.and also that is real productand two day delivery with amazon prime.
MI is good ,I got 1000 less in Amazon then MI app
I can say it is one of the best budgetary flagship smartphone.
Good
Worst product ever i seen.....earphone port is not working....and mic is not working...waste of money....totally irritating product....nothing to say..simply waste
Good Mobile
Super happy with this product
Poco 😍😍😍 Awesome phone No lag at all Camera quality 10/10 Budget phone for all😍 Updated to the latest version of android .
I have given 5 stars because whatever it's arguments ,it's best within the range. I bought it for 14k , and there nothing can be more valuable than this.
Good product by poco..... No words for describing this product.. After price came 16K , its good deal..with SD 845 processor.
Don't trust any reviews .Such a wonderfull mobile😍.BEAST of speed. Wonderfull camera.fastest face unlock and fingerprint scanner.apreciable battery backup.An alrounder😎
Not satisfied with camera with this price range. Could have been improved.
finger print sensor is verry fast its camera ha verry good quality video and photo its 4k recoding and a battery life more them four days to 100 to 0😍😍😍😍😍😍
Excellent phone with great features
Front camera is not working so  am asking to customer care they were check. But issue not rectified. I want to replace the mobile but your side not allowed worst response
 Very nice and value for money.
Thank you Amazon and the seller. I don't play games but for normal use its good phone. No issue of screen bleeding in my 6gb 128 varient.
Very good
Touch screen is not good
Really awesome device specially for gameplay and for other tasks. Never slows down its performance and especially no touch issue
Great phone , got it in 8000 after exchanging with note 5 pro, 845 is fast, ideal for gaming..
Good
Overall worth for the price and I gifted it to my brother he was like amazed by the performance and it’s killer for this price
Good, just go for it.
Good phone for game and apps, but camera, touch and other that should be available on a flagship phone are missing.
AWESOME!!!! GO FOR IT WITHOUT ANY SECOND THOGHT❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Awesome darn hell !!!! Like really best value for money
Good but build quality is lower but it's ok at this price
Real worth product
With this phone you get max performance on a budget.
5/5 hands down, coupled with a spigen case!  Best budget phone, that's a flagship killer!
Amazon Delivery  Excellent Mobile Performance Excellent Battery Backup. Excellent Camera. Excellent Sounds Quality Excellent
Poco f1 performance is best but poor network and slow on jio network. screen little yellowish. overall best performance smooth gaming performance.
Best Mobile phone in this price
Poco F1 is worth buying as it offers complete package at a very affordable price
Good battery life Finger print sensing is good Value for money 8/10 I dont like miui at all dats why 8 Stock lover🥰
Good phone but a bit heavy
Awesome for gaming Gives bright colours and nice graphics Also gives nice and smooth gameplay Slightly slippery would recommend a slicon case
Good
True value for money. Just go for it. I guarantee you will just love it
It's heating a lot am trying to exchange the piece no one is responding
The best value for money phone you can find, got the 6+128 version for 13.4k during sale
Best phone when it was introduced...Even overall very nice phone in today's date, in reference of Processor (better than all 15k mobiles)
Touch problem Call drop Lag
Awesome 👍 Value for money
Awesome
everything is perfect except display quality. if you're not careful you'll end up breaking it just the next day of buying
Excellent gaming performance,superfast fingerprint sensor and face unlock,just install Google cam and let that camera shine
Phone is gud, performance is super,only problem is outdate look. If not found of looks then Super Phone to buy.
Battery performance is not as expected. Speed is good. Im not fan of Miui. Bought this for Processor.
One of greatest performance phone in this price range, 8gb 256 gb , 845 sd processor only Rs 19900, Great Deal.
Phone is good, I am just mad that my parcels was such badly handled. Adding photos
SD 845 gives best pubg experience and with google cam installation its a monster in photography. Dont use stock camera.
Value for money
Nice phone in this price I love this phone Thank you amazon
I Have been using this mobile for a month and the experience is amazing. And the Face Unlock is Unbelievable, its blazing Fast.
Nothing special design in armored edition. Good phone 📱 at 16999rs price range. 2days delivery 🚚.m received on 29th feb 2020.
Not bad also not good
Camera ok. Battery one day will come. Remaining good.
Super
Very poor because it's several time hangs and face unlock feature much slow in light but in night very fast. Internet speed much slow.
Very bad experience battery issue start . Automatic battery down at night.. time not sleepin mood start very bad experience. I want to replace my order .
Battery was not working, there was an software issues. Additionally I had to pay 4 k at service centre to make the phone work. Don’t buy from this seller
Best phone under 20k at this sale time . supper fast phone no issues till now i am using this phone from 2 Oct . just buy don't think about other phone .
Processor Snapdragon 845 is really awesome. Battery life is 5/5. Rear camera is good and  fingerprint reader works very well.
Snapdragon 845 at this price a total steal. Camera is awesome Battery is awesome A total beast.
Excellent mobile
Great performance never lags , great battery with decent camer.
Online scam, this is a faulty product i received and Amazon not agreed to replace.
The handset equipped with SD845 processor is best flagship phone with jaw dropping price. Go bag it !!
Lovely
Awesome phone snapdragon845/8GB Ram/256 internal memory @ a price point of 18.5k is brilliant.
Tooo wrost product .......bad quality....very very product ....it does not switch on..when we connect charger continuously 5to 6 hours
The beast within... Powerful SD845 with 8gb of RAM... Smooth gaming.
Super
This phone is a deal to steal At this price every other phones eats dust This is the real flagship killer in just 15k
Superb phone for gaming 👌
Worst camera of this poco f1 and this buyer don't gives u warrienty and also it camera gets like old television back and white sprite s when we zoom 2x
Infrared cam is so good.. Speed of the processor is nice and hangless. Battery is good also..
Good mobile phone.  Value for money.  Canada quality is good. Some of the mi apps are not as good as open apps.
Nice phone at this price battery and camera so good
Amazing experience..
I just buy the product now after 1 yr and it is totally  remove every barriers which are arriving in yr later , and fast charging is really fast .......
First time This phone is over heat problem Fase me
Overall it a good phone.
Been using it for a month now...  Speed... Cam quality...  Everything is superbbbb. Got it for a good price too...
Powerfool performance.
Wonderful product.
Mob is very fast and smooth.excellent  display.over all very good performance.
Poco f1 6, 128 camera 100/70 Finger 100/99 Battery 100/65 pubg 2.45h only Fan illathe pubg kalikan shokam ann phone  hang adich nikum
Very smooth   ,,front fingerprint hota toh bahut acha mobile hota under 20k (my review not yours...OK!! ),,  Amazing performance
This phone literally flows. I haven't find this phone lagging even playing heavy games. The best part is how it doesn't get heated up while playing.
The camera quality is exceptional. Shots look very professional.
Best in class display... Best in class camera.... Best in class built quality. Excellent product from Redmi POCO.
Good mobile, After update battery is not stable.
Best phone under 15K Fingerprint reader is fast Camera and battery life is average
this phone is  awsome for game lover and the battery life is also very good over all this is very nice in best price
The poco F1 is a still a good phone in the segment. It's powerful processing  (SD845) and camera capabilities are worth the price
Awesome product still , its processor is awesome, seriously if you wanna beast in this price point go for it....
Amazing product
Received the product in great condition. Overall happy with the phone. Good processing speed and battery life. Smooth to handle.
Best in class I have note 8 pro but poco killing it....
Nice
Awesome phone i recommend to all. Mostly used for pubg gaming and battery backup is also good and gets charged in 2hrs.
Excellent mobile... Don't go for negative reviews and notch. Finally performance matters. Ek dum makhan jaisa smooth while playing pubg.
This is the best pocket friendly phone i have ever seen .....high level performance either in gaming or in normal day to day activities.
Awesome Phone for gaming... Camera is amazing  Battery life is also very good..  Don't think just buy it...
Ok
For 19k this is the best thing you can buy now . awesome phone. Just loved it.
Nice phone all features are best ..
It's really a performance beast. It handles everything I throw at it so well. Just install GCAM and your good to go with the Camera performance.
Good buy. Fast phone.
Well as per the system working and all.The camera is OK. Good for gaming too as the processor is snapdragon845.
Value for money
Game good worth phone
Nive
GOOD ANDROID PHONE FOR PUBG GAME, TAKE PICTURE. BUT RAM MANAGEMENT IS VERY BAD.
Smooth operation.. no lags.. no heating... all good till now
Its a really decent phone to buy.Even better when the price drop.Excellent specs.Havent faced any problems until now.EXCELLENT PIECE BY XIAOMI.
Loved it completely, Beast performance even in 2020 , Ram management is super efficient , Flagship performance altogether, Go for it !
I got it for 15k after exchange and discounts and that is a good price point for 8gb &256gigs of Armoured edition Xiaomi tech
My phone is metal blue, unfortunately I have not got armor black.It's quite good in color n looking. Battery life is awesome.
Camera not working. Applied for replacement will update the post. They changed it quickly and now everything looks good will keep updating
Great I got at 14.5k best deal ever thank you amazon
Ultimate phone..all in one
Mobile is not recognizing the SIM. Within 3 months the problem reported and their authorized outlets are unable to trace the problem.
I bought it for 14000..its worth money
Product  is good but don't fake with your Cashback offers
Good
User friendly
This is my 2nd POCO I got armored edition on 9500/-  after replacing my old poco. Still the beast in under 20k
Best Phone made by xiaomi.  Performance wise it's just superb 😊  Cost is also very reasonable, best fone in this budget.
Camera kagavea vangalam Vera level la eruku ...like DSLR
I bought it for 13.4k after all discounts worth the price. Happy Me :)
Everything is just cool..i just loving this  product ..don't go for fake reviwes...
For the price still a better choice considering camera, CPU & ram performance even after more than 1 & half years.
As usual xiaomi and it's heating problems looks like bomb in hand .The promising  high preforming processor does not perform that well.
Meets the expectation. Camera is good, quick charge works and thanks to the type c charging port. Didn't get the feeling that it is heating.
If you want performance and you are ok with lcd display then this phone is best for the price range. Snapdragon 845 for 17k is mind blowing.
phone bhot accha hai good but camera avreg hai chalta lajwab hai gameing to pucho hi mat akdam mast overall good fone
It's a very good lowest price phone. perfomance is also very good I glad to Purchased this phone....I love this phone.....
Facing touch issues, replaced the product but still facing issues with 8gb 256 gb armoured edition
Nice
Seller send used phone very bad experience. phone is very good
Excellent device, perfect in all , performed is excellent, must buy product
Superb functioning
Ultimate and performance also super
I really like the phone the best ever buy in best price
Nothing much for the price i got but Manufucturing date was Sep'18 which is actually 1 year 1 month old.
nice ...super speed touch is ok apart from that overall phone is too good.
Charging speed is not fast as expected otherwise everything is good
Best mobile
Just two days of poco .... Everything is going well and as expected. Good gaming experience and camera.
I bought this product in September. In starting it is working probably steadily it started hang. Now it is some function stopped working.
Ok
Loving it
The processor and ir face unlock just rocks. Eventhough ut has 4000mah battery, it is not reflected in the daily usage.
Best product @Rs.13400 for 6gb ram and 128 gb Rom. I don't think you can find a better deal with 845 sd processor.
In love with this  phone. Only problem I fell is Its little heavy, Other than that best mobile under 20K. Rosso Red is very good.
Faceunlock is superb.
Camera, speed, face recognition, excellent.. got android 10 as well.. overall a better package
If you are pubg lover or gamer,  this is made for you, there is no smartphone under 16000 which can perform better than Poco f1
i am dis-pointed with the product i am having battery issue
Sometimes the caller is not able to hear us on speaker phone calls, microphone not good, speakers are not loud enough.
proceesor speed is good . with average  cameras  and battery.  build quality should be improved using glass and metal.
Thing not good as given ....
Must but if you dont consider looks for a pgone
please new vasrso
Dont buy it giving used products.i was much disappointed by buying this product . When i got phone tempered glass was on phone screen .
Good phone
the main problem i am facing is heating whenever i play pubg the device heats a lot and game lags why problem after the update
Good phone
Best
Sometimes the fingerprint sensor doesn't read but the overall performance is good as compared to other budget phones.
I bought this phone for pubg mobile game. I have one issue in speaker. While playing pubg my friends cant hearable my voice correctly.
Butter smooth touch experience and awesome fingerprint and face recognition, requires daily recharge
Overall best phone
YES IT IS VALUE FOR MONEY.PLAYING GAMES SUCH AS PUBG IT IS GIVING AMAZING PERFORMENCE AS WELL AS CAMERA AND STORAGE ARE EXCELLENT😄😄
Super Smooth
Not as expected and not a flagship product anymore
Worth every rupee spent,phone was awesome snd didn't disappoint ah any way. I have installed gcam app separately and now the pictures speaks for itself.
Battery life is good, value for mony product, fingerprint reader is also goos, Delivery is better tha flipkart, Thank you Amazon
All over is best and ok but camera is only ok  all over is heavy functional but camera is 12mp not suit this high performance poco f1 mobile
Happy, awesome processor.
Standby time and camera is good. Overall performance is awesome
The phone is great Only problem with the screen under bright lights it looks very dull and not so good Other wise the best.
Thanks amazon to give amazing price
very nice...superb
My first ever phone from Xiaomi and never expect this much quality and performance... Superb mobile... Highly recommended...
Good performance and battery life, good camera quality. Little bit heavy comparatively
Camera quality good, but not better.
Its a new piece for me.  I bought it because I like using Xiaomi products. It give you all in this much money. Deal done right.
Cons---  1- big notch 2- show charging 😣
Excellent product for the price
App notifications are a bit overwhelming but otherwise fast and lightweight product
All good but sometimes hanging problems
Over all good 👍 PC at this price range
It's VFM. Value for money
A perfect phone for camera,storage and a lot more.. Its just the 4000mah battery which disappoints. But in all... One of d best
Not value for money gandu mobile
Everything is best...got almost three updates one by one around 4 gb spent..but overall experience after it is just awesome
I thought the camera was poor, but it turns out to be very very good , no complaints. And battery backup is also excellent.
okay
Earpiece producing bussy sounds while on callls
Best budget value for money phone. No competition im regards of specs at this price. Waiting for 3rd Android update!!! Amazing Poco
I've fallen in love! Speed Processor Play Music in loud Volume Volume is to awesome Camera Quantity Is nice ...
Am very happy the way Amazon keeping their customers in their hands, thank you Amazon for the great mobile.😍😍😍
Satisfied with the deal.
Product is not good,  i am having lot of issues with microphone,  unable to hear incoming calls and he issue is very intermittent.
Superb
Sharp and fast.good battery life
I have buy 8GB Ram 256 GB model.Performance is beast and I have no lags till now. Best for playing and multitasking.
Best phone to buy it features, value & utility
The phone is value for money....
Sometimes it automatically turned off inside my pocket... It been one month mobile started hanging...
Nothing have a word to say. It's Excellent!!!
Awesome phone...In every aspect ...got for the best deal in Amazon.
product is not good to use i want to return and but another product against this
Great phone got this under 16k so no complaints
Battery life is not standing for a day itself
In this budget it’s a greatest phone
After all the bank offer and cashback. The effective price of the phone is 13300 in amazon great indian festival.
Best product ...only mobile design and look problem
Good
Nice phone with great specification in this budget
Best phone ever at this price.really a good camera phone with a beat sd845 processor.Battery life is also good.
Fine
Overheating ..multiple touch error ..battery drain ..can't play games ..lags  Should nt have bought this 😔😔
Excellent product happy to use
Go for it...
The fingerprint scanner is fast. The IR face unlock is fast and performance is great. Overall excellent phone.
its a all in one pack and at this price its just buy it dont waste ur time this phone will easily compatible to 4-5 years or even more
I bought this product 15000 Poco F1 good Performance sd845 nice gaming value of Money Play pubg liquid cooling system nice
Great premium phone now available at an affordable price. best buy for gaming.
Nice battery good product
Masterpiece from xiaomi...powerful and flawless performance.
This come from flagship that i ever wanted!
Nice
Master Best Chief are few words for such a smartphone value for money.
Awsome product by xiaomi
I like phone speed but better life and touch screen not as fast
Purchased at the great Indian festival. I am impressed with it.
Face scanner and fingers scanner is very very fast. And best gaming performance. Product is under very reasonable price range.
It still the best even today u can have premium type phone with this price in this value I'm happy to have this phone
This price point. Good phone
Am facing battery backup issue
Build quality with glassy finish would be better. Processor is the best thing they have used for this mobile
This is very good product. Camera is so excellent  and so fast finger print reader but bettery is not a good.
Its good and responsive Solid built quality
I have been using poco f1 for more than a year now and I absolutely love it.
Ok
Cheapest  rate phone with good 6gb ram and 835 qual core.The poco works very fast and smoothly.I like it very much.
Got a very good deal :) Happy with phone performance...
Awesome phone at awesome price. Love u Amazon.
Refubished product sold me
Got the phone with a defective charger. Very disappointed with Amazon. Return process sucks for this product. Amazon🖕.
Mobile device had touch issues even the replaced unit had the same problem but the service was undeniably very good.........
Amazing phone. Elite looks. Great for gaming. Good reception. 3 months in. Only drawback? Avg camera quality.
I liked poco elegant camera. And super performance.
Camera quality & battery is little poor.
Awsm poco SD 845 is the best performance
if display is not priority it will be beast
Great phone with tons of features Based more on the performance rather than the looks
Best camera ever
Camera quality isn't upto mark. By the way everything about Poco F1 is remarkable.
Battery should have been better lasting
Battery started draining after using 3 months. Mobile is getting switched off due to battery issue after using for 30 mins.
Thank you so much sir  this ❤️❤️ phone is best phone under 16 thousand I think it is a beast of all phones under this range
Awesome purchase under this budget. It's worth every penny
Very good faster
Its worthy of the price and specs of what i've got.....smooth and fast.. Happy to have a good specs
Very nice
When I unboxing the phone its not opening
Good display is very bad all is very good
Good product Better battery life...
Super mobile with very good hardware You can play pubg in HD Camera quality is very nice You can use gcam apk
value for money. A very good processor. 6 GB RAM adds the speed. Picture quality is also good. Fingerprint reader is good.
Loved this phone at this price got it for 10k in return with mi A2
Battery backup is suddenly reduced For the first month i was good  but after that  it us reduced to its half
Lo price best mobile is✌️🔥🔥🔥🔥
Mobile is awesome camer is to to gud best price this generation in all upgrade features any oh I love it
Very Good decision of buying this phone. Very Good Camera and battery life. Reasonable price😊
It us the perfect phone... looks great...but it is quite heavy... although operating system is fabulous 😊... Happy Alot....#thanxamazom
Phone is getting hot while charging and while gaming its getting over heating completely unsatisfied with amazon
Camera quality is getting reduced once software update done . During mobile purchase it was good.but not quite in happy.
Gameing performance is decresed after the updates according to me device get heated while playing pubg and lag was there
One of the bestest mobile available in market ! Awesome gaming experience in Pubg... Its really worth
This is awesome... U can go. For it. Without any deep think.. Full value of money.. I love this product...
Nice, worth for 14000, Finger print reader 4* Camera 4* Battery life 4.6*
Mi have nerfed this phone with its updates.....even on plus 5t performs better than it
Best product @ 16k .
Super phone And I took benefit of amazon sale
Great phone.. after using one year.. still desire to use same..
Speed is good, camera is average Battery is descent for 1 day use
Nice
Screen bleeding problem, touch issue
Best bang for buck. Snapdragon 845 at this price point seems unimaginable, let alone all other specs.
Good and valuable
But display...is not dat much great
Touch problem on all models
Ugkkvvjvjjv
I got thai only 13400 & this price is best value phone No one beat for this price 🎉🎉🎉👏👏
Battery life is not perfectly working and I mobile two Sims are not Woking at a Tim And camara is good
Good Phone,It Overheats a bit when you play pubg with smooth and extreme graphics settings. Overall pretty nice phone.
It was a fantastic purchase at this price.
This is a great mobile phone. It's got the best specs at mid level price. It is the competitor for flagship products.
It's A Quality Mobile Phone Fingerprint reader is great Camera quality is awesome Battery life is good
Nit upto mark as expected
Very nice mobile and clear camera and I bought this mobile with 8GB RAM under 250 GB STORAGE AND RUNS VERY SMOOTHLY
I didn't get the earphones which was mentioned in the bill and the box that I have received earphones.
Not bad just ok
Battery life is very poor
Still top of the list .. in mid range smart phone.. suparb performance. Snapdragon 845 love it
Dont like Touch respone. Not good
All the features for small budget
Osm phone at this prise only battery drain some issue i bouthgt this phone 17000  varient 8GB black armound
Best phone under 20K,it has ultra fast face scanner with SD845.Everything is just great, you gonna love it.
Rosso red is not so dark it is light.And battery life is ok.
2K More Exchange value is Great.  Excellent Value for Money.
Very good phone on performance base, but screen was so responsive it's too responsiveness.
Selling product manufactured in oct 2018
Perfect phone under 20k
display faulty returned
Vera lvl
One of the best phone till I bought. Nothing negative. All are positive only. Jus loved it.
Nice camera brightness fingerprint and battery life better.
Amazing mobile😍
Nice phone
Processor is quite Fast. Don't go with Megapixel since available camera is truly awesome and give best shots.
Very Good Phone. Absolute value for money only the battery life is an issue otherwise it's a great device to have.
Last month i have bought this good phone except one thing my earphone jack is not working 😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏
Good product to buy in this price range and the parformance is awesum i continue play games in it
The only one mobile I like buy Xiaomi It's Like I'm using One plus 6
Excellent product
Good
Good . . Value for money . .
Super..!!!
Good
Overall value for money...
Awesome flag ship phone in very affordable price range. Loved the configuration
Nice mobile
Best flagship killeer under 15k. If looks doesn't matter for you , then you should consider it.
Awesome device performance next level
Very good with exchange offer
Poco F1 ...Superb....
I like this one better than the other one mobles in this price scqument
one word for this price range.... B E A S T
I think it's refurbished item
Not as good as I expected as a xiaomi phone
The problem with listening to the calling speaker is when the phone is with the other person
Batter is not good
Rear Camera stopped working .
Poco F1 is very good phone.I am very much satisfied . Fingerprint , camera quality and battery life is awesome.
This is a good product launch by xiomi ,i love this 😍😍picture quality is osm and battery life is perfect 😍😍
Nice performance...but heating issue for pubg. It temp. Goes very high u hv to use a table fan for smooth Play.
Dolby atmos not support which is most required for game such a worst mobile...
Amazing deal on festival sale. Happy with the decision. Overall a smooth experience.
if you are a gamer you should try it .camara is good ..battery life is amazing
No gorilla glass.my phone screen is damage first time only when it sleeps from my hand first time only
At 14k other phones don't even come close.
nice  MOBILE
Fake
Awesome mobile under 16k
This is 2nd poco phone because i have given fist one to my brother and I still love it, Everything is gud
Good-but poco display touching key board letter -typing function very slow...
Finger print reader , battery life and good screen quality but camera is not up to the mark..
This product was not so good for playing pubg...
Camera its not good.but device performance its great for gaming.if you are  looking for gaming phone under 20k.i
High end product at low cost,
just one word for every game...AWESOME.not even a bit of lag...its so smooth and fluidic performance.
Excellent mobile satisfy all the features
I like this product
- 1 star = doesn't have proper screen protection design. It can get easy screen scratches
Worst product even after replacement... I am never going to buy any electronic things from Amazon ever again.
Not at all worth waiste...no fast charging takes more than five hr to charge full  Rest is good
If u are playing pubgmobile u may face ghost touch.I have faced same problem
Best for Pubg and other similar gams ...No lag Efficient battery backup
This is a budget phone with all top feature . so i like it.and also performance is very good
No words... Speechless device. Thanks amazon for great discounts & deal... And fast delivery
It's almost good for playing games but but not for tournament or higher levels tournament...
Ok
Battery life 4000 mah not enough for these excellent features. Battery life one day for full charge.
Nice phone
Good phone
Got in jan 2020 works well
Very good product
Excellent speed of device Value for money
Don't think for it....just go for it....because it's the budget beast😎😎😍😍
Best phone ever I had used before. Processor is Love in this phone.
Still Good product in 2020.
Awesome
Mobile hangs a lot
The IC'S are very week I'm not understanding what to do Poo quality of ICS Very disappointed
Good but not great battery life, great fingerprint reader and I am quite indifferent concerning the camera.
Because it is having 845 snapdragon ;it is the Best phone for gaming in this range
Not bad .
Quickly reading fingerprint reader Nice camera and long life battery It's a good product
Best mobile for mobile under 15k
Its mideratly Ok but the Face unlock and fingerprint are too Fast and cAmera is awsome
Its a great phone,fast,camera is good as well as video clarity.....not heavy, thin gud feel to hold.......
Awsome product Camera is avrage but battery and processor is awesome
Camera is not so good. But performance , u can't beat this in this price.
Amazing quality finger print is very fast rear camera is op and battery life is also good
Overall the phone is pretty good in this price range  but screen quality could be better.
also game experience
Good phone for the price still performs well in most of the games
Battery drying very fast
Wonderful configuration
Just awesome..
Battery life is good even after continuous use of internet for whole day ..battery @ 20% next day morning
Good
The screen is having breathing issue I need refund
After one plus..this is the only phone which gives u a wonderful performance😍😍
Excelente
It's for heavy work and gaming, not for camera. Look and weight of the mobile is 👎🏻...
Good
Nice
Good
Good
The touchpad works in some app
Better experience for me but camera quality is low..But gaming experience unbelievable...
Good product
best phone with amazing features....
Good
Superb phone
Very good
Best phone for pubgM under 15000₹ . When pubg starts to lag make sure to use game booster.
Fingerprint reader works very good, battery love should be improved, value for money is perfect
Very good phone for the price
Hitting issue😑
It is very good phone is having 8gb ram 256gb in built. Camera quality very good  so I love this mobile
The beast. Only con is it would have a higher pixel camera. Still can install G cam directly.
In the empty hands its heating at high temperature you guys need proof and this is what iam showing you
I think this product is good No problems One month over Still like that it was first day
Overall good
Till now no dislikes but the clear cover which comes with this mobile is loose
Great phone for the price, only problem is it heats up if you play heavy games
Best for personal use
Screen bleeding issue is there
I think it is old one
Can't find any better phone in this price
Affordable Price for Flagship Features Phone.
:)
Very nice products
The product is good and so far I haven't seen screen bleeding issue as others complain.
Battery life
I got it in Amazon great Indian sale. At this price i got snapdragon 845 thanks Amazon.
I have a battery issue with my poco phone. Kindly help  With regards Musaddique Hussain
Best mobile under 15 k love it Camera quality is best Better life also Nd fast charging also
Good
Wonderful product for this cost. Awesome Performance and camera is very good.
Camera could be improved...all in all I would say great package
Good
I am facing an issue with the mobile, gets heat when using maps or chatting for half an hour.
Its November 2019, Still poco f1 is the best mobile under 20k
Everything is good with the Features, battery and camera. ☺👍
Handsome product...
Standard mi fingerprint reader, 30 hours of optimal battery life , and best camera quality in segment
Best phone to go with
Great phone.great service and prompt delivery.
Very nice mobile got on Amazon offer. Flag ship xiomi
Not bad
its better than my expectations..
This mobile is awesome....... It's battery life is durable upto 12hrs till i used it...
Dont buy for gaming mi make this phone very bad. MI make this phone slow to give new update.
Actually I received one year old manufacturing product even after requested new one (recent)
Great performance at very low price, best Phone
I cannot play pubg high graphics,app automatically closed, camera very bad,this review after 5 month
fingerprint readed
Finger print is fast Perfect budget phone
Performance too good
Loving it
Good
Excellent product.... Supper Camera quality. Better battery life...
Good
Wonderful product
Good Phone  in this price
Phone runs awesome... But after 3 months over heating issues and screen bleeding increases too much
Best phone at this range. Truly flagship. Fast charging, good camera.
very nice
Smooth operating systems Play pung smooth and high graphics Without lag n hiting
OTG not works..lots of issues...
No one can beat this one
What i need ..that is there but it's a limit..i need more quality that's I think will get latter..
Super mobile very smart mobile
I think batterynlige can be better... Camera quality is OK Rest is fine
God level product very good gaming phone in budget
Excellent piece of comm. Using for last two months but still struggling to find one flaw!
Best deal on great indian sale
Mobile is nice..but I received 2018 manufacturing unit...
Product is good but the charger is little wierd and is automatically disconnected in few second s
Got it as per my thought best fone in really at that range inhansce your picture taking abilities
Good product..value for money
Power is draining very fast. Frequently hang, not responding to commands
Battery life no
Woohoo
Battery life is not as expected. Camera is not good enough.
Better
Your price for this item is too much try to reduce the price and picture clarity better.
Battery life with updates is decreasing however. Impressive performance and best phone under 16k
Whole set has some technical problem,  some apps wont work,brightness level automatically change
POCO is the Best
Fingerprint is very good. Camera is good. Battery life is ok.
Suddenly the screen turns to B&W. I need to restart to get the colored mode on.
Network and voice quality is so bad during video call. Screen not workd with sweated or wet hand
Super
Poco F1 Gaurav 712 Best Processor He Is Verry ⏩ Fast Blue Colour
Batterlife and face unlock us very fast and the performance is never a backdrop at all.
If you want to buy phone under 15000 ,this phone will Right choice .running very smooth
Value for money phone
Love it
Ultimate
Configuration is good with this price.battery might be able to imprive
Awesome in terms of performance...  Overall great purchase..
Excellent, in just one day time,it upgraded from android version8 to9,
Excellent👍👏😆
Got it for 14 k effectively (6GB+128GB).
I m in Love with this ....super value for Money
Good
Finally i got this amazing mobile with excellent features
One speaker is not working. This happens to me twice now, when I'm buying phone from Amazon.🙆
It is excellent as far as the features are concerned. But the earphone jack came damaged.
Very good phone..at a very cheap price. Has got good battery life and charges also pretty fast
Good phone for who want to purchase new phone. Camera good quality and battery life also good.
Everything is thrilling except ui
Battery swollen
Good mobile for the price. Great camera. and wonderful delivery packing Amazon.
Monster on 15k
Touch issues with the screen and front camera lens stuck with dust in 2 days.
I was buy it for 13400rs Best gaming experience Best camera&battery
Good phone at great prices
Perfect pH. , Specs are awesome for this price range, I got it for rs- 13400, in sale
Everything is nice except for design and camera quality could have been little better
Value for money one of best phone i ever used but screen issue is there in this phone
Cash back @ 10%as per deal not received
Wrast
Must buy
Battery too poor only 10 hours  backup please replace the battary
If you don't have any issues with notch then go for it It's still a beast in performance
Must buy Mobile phone in 2019 . Don't hesitate to get poco F1 if you are planning to buy one.
Ghost touch
If you are a gamer go for it. Simple as that. Can play PUBG without any lag.
First time i buy this phone phone is heating and now update  is avaible so..
Overall very good product
Super phone
Screen going black and white when ever comes under sun light
good for everything
Excellent phone
Value for Penny. Excellent performance
Poor battery life Rest of them are okay.
One of the best value for money phones present in the market grest performance
Ok
The face unlock is very accurate and perfectly work in the low light even in fully dark room
Camera quality very good but not excellant with comper other mobile
After a long period I got hands on a all round mobile, in a very good price
😊
Nice phone
I am happy..
Am disappointed due to I did not get headphone on box..such as liar deal here .....
Great Mobile i booked again two pocco for my family members
Quality and configuration beyond price point
Am already using many more mobiles others comaprision has to poco f1 is perfect usage......
Goood phone  Nice battery backup Good camera quality And better display
Best smart phone.. Just bettry charging time is more then expect that y only 4* for bettery
Awesome Phone, Super speed, super camera, Battery back up v good. Over all i can very good.
Nice product I recimmended you
All r good
jkas
Superb
Bout mast he ,,,old lion
Phone all good...
must buy phone. It can easily beat all it's rivals.
One of the best phone's
One of the best phone i buy it in 13400.  In offer go for it if u love performance
Best phone forbthis price .
After updating all good
Product is ok battery not up to the mark. No heaphones I decifedto return
Smooth ui, best for gaming, charge fast refill, awsm camera... overall best combo at price
It just a nice phone to buy in this segment of 16k only for those who need power not looks
My fingerprint reader is not working . Camera is okay. But the battery is draining quickly
Useless product Heating problam ..... Chraging problam .... Bad product....
Good!
Great battery life with 855+ Finger print too fast
Excellent value for money preposition even in today's scenario. Way to go
Amazing experience only not happy with speaker low sound quality.
Power House
Wonderfull camera and no heating problem even after playing games for a long time
Good one..
Excellent
Excellent product good camera good battery
Excellent in this price... Nice one with all qualities of advanced branded phone....
The battery drains faster. I was charging MAX2 once in two days. Poco I am charging daily
THIS SELLER IS GOODS . AND BELIVE THAT TRUST IN PRODUCT VERY NICE PRODUCT DELIVERED.
Wow nice phone i was worries of getting scamed but it was wrong thumbs-up for ANIK seller
Mobile features r great @ price bt need to improve and get upgrade with new technologies.
Best camera budget phone
Simply AMAZING u can't get anything better than this in this price
👍👌
Money worth.
Everything OK.in all aspects.with my expectations.
Excellent product SD845
Charger malfunctioned within 1 month of purchase.how can resolve it...verry wrost product
Poco phone best phone for pubg..don't listen to rumours just buy it as per current price
Fingerprint and face detector is too good and camera quality is better than other phones
Gud
Super phone value for money
This whole in whole a package phone. Awesome phone, worth it. Must buy.
Battery life, needs charging twice a day though it's brand new.
No NFC
In good light, camera works good.. But there is slight poor performance in low light...
Phone slows down when storage gets almost filled.battery life also goes down with time.
Everything is good..And battery backup is also Good...No heat best for PUBG mobile.....
Battery life could be better and device heats up while playing games for longer session
Don't update android after getting phone. It will slowdown battery life little bit
Excellent
This phone a beast and camera quality wonderful
Good mobile good battery nice camara... so nice
Loved the product
Camera quality is noy good
This phone is damn good 😛! Everyone should buy it! 👍👍👍
Screen Bleeding issues
Still trying to get a hang of it. It appears to be a good buy.
Bad camera quality. Performance is good. Average battery life.
Battery does not charge even after changing the charging cable
awesome
A very good product
Beast
This phone is best in this budget but there sre some issue after miui 11 update
Best in the price bracket, it's a no brainer..
This is the best phone in that prise segment, happy to have poco in my pocket..
Camera is not upto the mark. No stabilizer, no good depth of field...
After update battery consumption is too fast 😭😭otherwise it's OK 👍
Nice product
The only cons is, autorotate doesn't stop in video call. Else a superb phone.
Best power phone in the low bujet  I'm so happy
Good
Supper speed
Nice and superb mobile in budget.
Worst experience this mobile,always hang in meantime.
The phone is just flowless but the only issue with it is thr camera which is average.
Back camera is not ao good and charging is little slow as it is old phone ,its good..
Great Product for Gaming
Good
Superb.Superb.. Superb.nice product.. Camera and music superb
Good
Battery Capacity is Quite Low. Gets discharged in less than 6 hours.
Value for money@14500 with exchange &10% credit card payment
Good
I am facing the touch problem one month back i buy this mobile not satisfied
Screen broke within 4 days of purchase and screen replacement costs 7000+ 🤯
Wow
Great speed
Super good device
i really liked the phone and its sound quality and camera resolution is too perfect.
Seller is worst. Mobile phone seal was opened. Me feeling it's not original product.
Pubg game touch problem
Value for Money
Great deal at₹13700/-128gb +6gb great combination at this price range
Battery life is not good , except this performance is mind blowing with snapdragon 845
Poco F1 brand kaa baapp
Good one
GoT @ 13400₹ Some time Display Stuck but overall Good At this price
Battery,fingerprint is good but camera is with filter no not much satisfied
It is the best phone at this price.. Recommend to buy this phone..😍😍
👍👍👍👍😍😍😍😍
Battery backup is good , fingerprint reader was too fast, camera quality is average
Nice performance
Very Good . All in One..
Excellent performance for price..VFM
Good phone with better specification
Excellent phone.strongly recommended
Just ask about colour all in one king Take red or black
Good,  but night camera little not upto mark
Thnx but vary disappointed because of your fort MI exclusive service center.
I am impressed for IR face unlock for dark room well performance feel good
Go for it
good phone for performance but not for photography
Best budget phone ! .killer specs ,meets all my needs Thank you Amazon n Poco
It's worst product, and don't purchase from Amazon,,, poco f1 is the touch problem
Battery is good
Overall it is a good package
Highly unsatisfactory.. I found mny scratches on the screen
Very good quality product.. I'm love in it
i am very happy using this phone. I dont require laptop now.
Please give updates regularly for some years. Phone is BEST.
Phone is perfectly alright within the budget which I spent.
Nice phone Processer is rocking axiletter performance. Nice one
Everything is good except touch screen. Touch screen response is very bad
For pubg players,phone is excellant and also noticed camera nice quality.
Nice one to have it
Worst products
superb phone, nice battery backup, nice performance and camera quality is supereb
Finger print sensor I haven't used, all other features are good. Worthy purchase.
Im Happy This product .....
Nothing better at this price point
Obviously spending of this much of money, Good product
Worst product screen bleeding issue is there in my phone and no response from Amazon
It's a good phone with a nice camera quality.Its worth the money
Fingerprint is good battery life is also good But camera is average
This device is complete beast no cons I could find out after using it for 1week.
Battery life needs improvement. Charging time to be reduced
This products amazon cheating, phone touching quality too bad, don't waste money
Nice Phone, value for money. Ultimate gaming performance with no lag no heating.
Fingerprint , camera quality and Norma use best But if you not playing pubg
I got a defective piece which has screen da mange Please i need replacement
Charging is a bit slow
best phone
Best mobile with extra ordinary features
Great mobile,but I don't like it phone Design...
Value for Money Smartphone . Worth Every Penny , I had spended.
Am using 3days but pubg gaming battery not good performance
Camera is not so much gud..that i was thinking..after all the phone is awsome..
Very nice fingerprint reader and face reader camera camera ok battery life good
I have bought this phone in Amazon gis and it proved to be a great deal for me.
Good phone, delivered in time. bettery and processors is to good in that phone.
It's all okay but display was not HD screen  scroll on screen it was fully blur
Mobile is very nice and battery is long of full day finger print also very nice
The king is still a king...best in the budget!!
Really super
Just one word. Go for it.
This pH is in budget and in this amount its value of money
Superb
Warranty card is not available inside the box. It has only user manual.
A great phone at a great price. Still worth in March 2020
A beast of a mobile. The battery is good for 3 days for optimum usage.
One of the best phone for me . I would play many game like pubg , alphate 8 etc
BATTERY LIFE SUPPORT SUPER
Some time touch not respond,,,, while playing pubg Although phone is good
This phone is one of the best and budget phone
Awesome poco with such a reasonable price.....
Best for me
Phone quality normal.. Battery normal Bacup.. Camera normal value money normal
Not found that good as it was expected
Display touch is slow responsive! Except multi-touch everything works super well.
Good for playing games, Great battery back up Value for money
Mobile working good. But missing  ear phone  with this pack
Pros. Face unlock with infrared Cons. Worst phone ever from mi..
Poco f1 is just stunning phone at this price range ...value for money
Good
Everything is best at the price, but battery life should have been increased.
Fingerprint reader,camera quality is good but battery life not saticefy.
Good
Perfect phone under 15k
Simply a beast in every aspect
Amazing phone with high speed processor and amazing camera
Realy good
Very good product Love it. 💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
Fingerprint reader was difficult to configure.
Best quality
I want replace my product its bleeding issue in screen plz help me on urgent
Value for money 👌🔥🔥
It's a valuable product paid for. Satisfied with Amazon's service
Satisfied
It's a very good product.. thanks for this in amazing peice
Battery is not soo good as well the camera too rest everything is excellent
Must buy
Best phn
Everything good
Best deal of the year
West off Money
Awesome phone.
Camera is good
Worth to buy with highest specification and cheapest price
Not heating due to liquid cool technology.. Fast charging is super
I like the screen and the camera quality not up to my expectations
Within 3 months its showing issue with microphone. Its not working
GOOD
Amazon give default product its hang every time bad experience with Amazon
When playing games and taking photos during that time the  phone is heated
Excellent
What a phone......too good.
Quicker response bcoz  of excellent processor
Its good phone but battery and camera is not up to the Mark
Super phone but size is very large but nice performance  this phone
Super Battery
One word Awesome.. If you are buying it for PUBG mobile go for it..😜👍
Not bad
Best in this price segment Premium processor
Amazon sent me Defeat phone I return it
Bast smartphone for gaming but hiting problem in phone after a new update
Good deal
Absolutely great value for money.
Mind blowing
Nice product
True flagship killer at midrange price. Totally worth it
Worthy of money. Only drawback is phones weight.
 Okk
Super fingerprint reader Good camera quality battery life good
Lot off hang with play pubg don't bay this mobile
Performance is good. Met my expectations
Fingerprint reader good, camera is good.
Earpease main volume slow aati hah.speaker is verry slow.
Nice n very good..
Good quality phone
Overall a great value for money.
Good mobail
It is an awesome product with lots of features. 😍
Camera is very good quality and fingerprint reader is very fast
Camera quality not that much good remaining every thing is fine
Good camera quality and also battery life nice,good performance
got damaged product it does not turn on the back panel was popping out.
Screen is not good
Everything was great for that low price
Good
Liked this product very much 😊👌
the product exceeds all my expectation... the rosso red colour looks premium..
A budget friendly yet with all qualities of an expensive phone
Performance is good, Writing review after a month of use.
Aswm battery life , camera also gud speed of operations is highly good
Gaming beast in pubg average 59 fps gives The best camera quality
Lowest price for best processor.best selfie camera, rear camera is ok.
Touch issue for pubg, heat issue , bad experice  i need reply from amazon
It would be better if it also had HD quality for Netflix and more protection...
Very good mobile
Master of speed really
This mobile compare to one+ 6 to poco f1 ,poco f1is best mobile gaming porpoise
Best phone in this budget 👍🏼
PocoF1 phone is a good item. Amazon packing was good.
Excellent
Good deal
Excellent
Overall good flagship phone at a great price.
Fingers print reader 10/10 Battery 8/10 Screen quality 9/10
Battery charging slow this product and fram drops in pubg mobile play
Good phone specially camera are amazing &Function are very good.
Poco is the best mobile ever on this price nt camera was not good ...
display performance average
Very good poco f1 mobile
It's very good mobile for the price.. just Awesome.. Recommended.. HAPPY GAMING :-)
Left speker doesn't work and there isn't any easy replacement policy.
Overall a great phone.
Only processor is good
Full phone is fabulous
amazing product
Nice
Op
Good product. Bt. Too weight.
Excellent But with the current market it is old
Playing games battery level decrease quickly
Camera ok Battery ok Finger not ok
Fast recharge. Fast scrolling and good photography. Sound is also ok
Don't buy Xiaomi, Samsung is much better than these Chineese phones.
Just amazing....  It has completed my all requirements....
One word for it. FAAD
Best phone for this price..I got good offer in amazon sale.
Nothing
Really liked the device, worth every penny.
Superb  performance, camera and battery life with minor touch issue
I am using for 2days and this phone is awesome and value for money.
Battery drains quickly but also has quick charging else no problem.
Mobile get heated up during charging and charger also get heated up
Battery back up is not good.. Can I get exchange with another piece
Pros: camera, fast charging, gaming Cons: irritating big notch
good
High quality camera is the one that attracted me and also it's light weighted.
Best phone for me love it ❤️
Worst battery backup, dont buy this
Good Quality, Best Performance 😃😀
Wonderful mobile in this price
Better not much more
A fine phone overall
Good value for money
All in one phone within a reasonable price..
Amazing phone
Only cons is it's not cheap
Nice product.still worth it
Oh damn This thinga beast get it while u still can
Such a good product,and delivery was on exact time
Camera is good fingerprint reader and face id is very fast
Battery is not good ....but I am not satisfied this mobile
The phone is very good and it came with a adjustable money
amazing smartphone.. it's Very good phone with this money.
Good phone.. With value for money better than anyone in this range
Pubg Play not batter , battery life not good ,pubg Play High hit..
Excellent mobile armour edition in 17000 rs.
Nice budget phone, good product with good camera, good battery life
One and only at this price segment
Camera awesome
Very good
Battery is very bad
Amazing smartphone by Xiaomi. Great performance excellent battery life.
Good mobile.
Fast procesor, amazing touch and good value for money
Best phone in the budget. Amazing camera quality.
Battery drainage is very fast. Not expected this.
Excellent phone for gaming
Very nice phone ever...very fast and accuracy...love poco
Super
Awesome phone at a cheap price i just trying to get it by anyways
Fast fingerprint reader and camera is good and battery is average
Everything is fine but bill receipt was not sent by the merchant.
Awesome and value for money
Poco is a performer!
Nice product.....reccomended to buy
Amazing phone
Best phone in this price range...
Very good phone with very good feature and very good configuration
Best quality of all feature but camera is good not best
No other phone can beat under this price bracket
Go for it. Purchased it third time for my family member.
"Masterpiece" thats the only word to describe this phone
Battery charger not fastest and its working only one day
Some time touch screen not work during calling time why?
Good
Nice
The poco f1 is better than poco x2 because of it's performance .
Everything is perfect in this phone. No complaints at all .
Product receives in good condition, and mobile also pretty good.
Good. But better discounts would be nice. #thestinkylife#😂
Perfect.. best features in this price range Value for money
I like phone color  and processer I dislike battery
AMAZING poco f1 , now i have 3 poco f1 in my family with different varient
Best Processor in thIs price range
Worth mobile
👍🏻
Fully loaded phone dont worry buy this flagship phone
Best phone under this price segment. No regrets
Battery backup is not good. Battery drains fast
Except the touch the phones performance is really good.
Gud
Gud
Good budget phone Excellent  features Value for money
Excellent mobile don't think just buy it . Love it👌👌👌👌
There are no competitor with this phone within this price range
Heating problem- Device get heated after 5-10 mins of gameplay.
Microphone top and bottom is bad . capturing power is very low.
Excellent all rounder, value for money.
Best smartphone...
Owsome in segment.
Excellent processor big storage
Good phone and value for money.
845 powerfull performance
Every thing is good in it
5 star for this performance camera and processor is very good best smartphone.
nice phone go for it
Camera is a beast with Gcam and great performance. Also getting miui 11 update.
Very very happy for this Mobile..fast,smart and strong..
Value for money. Looks & feels good too.
Battery life super, value for money is super, fingerprint reader is super
Some fake
What a phone man.....unbelivble with unbelivable price
Averything is perfect 💯. Just displays is old version
Touch issue is present.. hope it gets resolved
Good for this price among other robbery brands
Ok
Worst display It has a scratch from inside of the display
Nice phone with everything that is needed in a mid range phone
My charger is not working properly..rest everything is perfect
Battery backup very good perfect phone
Overall good phone in this price range
Best powerful phone ever at this price
All thing or ok
Avarage
Best phone for everything only thing thik h 1 2 saal to acha nikal dega
Worth the money. I have tested the backcase it is scratch and fire proof.
Worth the money
Best phone in this price no comparison
👍👍👍👍
Good one
Best Phone and processor one can have at this price..
Phone is good but battery is so poor due to old manufacturing
Battery life is good....but camera is not as much as expected
Best gaming budget flagship go with poco F1 without any doubt
Excellent phone. Real value for money
Views very Awesome features n updates
Just flawless performance with SD845.
I like its features, i dislike its battery life and screen touch.
A phone's performance and specificat at this price is unbelievable..
Good product by xiaomi.... 👍
Best gaming mobile and camera
suuupab
Best buy if you are looking for a 15k smartphone!
Its better to buy if you value ur money it's worth it
Very bad
Worse battery 10 days replacement is just a lie
Display was very dull to compare with other mobile s
super fantastic speed processor flagship killer
I've recived my device with a display problem on it.
Best device at this price even 2 years after launch.
Camera ,processor ,finger print ,face unlock
Best flagship mobile.
Excellent performance
Good Experience
Got it for 13.5k after all discount..ir face detector is great...
Unable to play pubg
Super she upper flagship killer thanks xiaomi
Cool
great phone..
An awesome product you can get in this price point.
Good user interface and very smooth performance....
best phone under 17k
Everything is superb
Best phone in budget
best in budget phone
good .you can fell heat after 1 hour continued played game.
Photo not carely looking. And mobile hangging for some app.
Improve your camera otherwise it's a beast An MI lover
Nice phone...good camera...for 18k is the best phone to buy
It is the best phone you can get at this price. 😍😍😍😍😍.
Battery going down 5 hr backup only
Best In This Mid Rang Segment Phone
Fingerprint reader is very poor..😥
Awesome mobile with great features.
Overall good performance
Performance of this mobile is good u should buy ..
Only drawback is the touch.
SPEAKER DEAD AFTER 2 MONTHS
Best budget flagship phone.
Great device in this price.
Excellent performance
Model was outdated but performance is very good..!
Flagship mobile with budget phone price...
Hanging problem and no same storage memory
Super
Awesome Phone and Budget Price..!!! ;)
Screen quality and sensitivity still needs to be improved.
There is only issue that is heating ,nd everything is fine
I have no complain, this is a perfect phone for everything
It's good in game performance,some UI problems,poor camera
Nice phone good ram.and camera.and rear and front ....very gud
performance is good but camera and lookwise average
Mazaa nahii ayaaa
Good mobile
Good
Good
Good
Love it. Working excellent. Mad with camera.
Best value for money phone in it's price segment.
Overall I m liking n enjoying my Poco F1 phone...
Good quality...bt battery life is not osm
1 year usable phone , save money go for XR my dear gamers
it just need a amoled display, then it can beat anyone...
I was using this phone awesome results and good processer
My first COD by Amazon and its simple, quick and awesome.
Good phone... Value for money ...
Darun
All rounder,just amazing.
Good phone
good phone
Not bad 😁
Osm photo!
Good phone
Best Value for money.... Great buy
Great Product.. Like the camera quality.
Good display , camera , and bettery life
Some software issues is there in mobile.
Overall phone is good but camera in not up to the mark .
The phone isn't showing the fingerprint sensor option...
Excellent product
Poco F1 watch super Battery life is better.
Excellent product I like poco F1
Good battery back. Camera is OK.
Nice phone for gaming purpose...
Review In One word "Blockbuster"
Superb phone...have 2 POCO F1 at home with us.
Everything is quite brilliant except LCD Display
Suddenly gets switch off
It's very bad product and Amazon service is worst ever.
I loved it , performing well , value for money.
Good product but one year battery life not good
Superb phone, fast charging, smooth to operate.
improve camera clarity and battery life
phone is too good...only display light bright at cornor
Worth buy In one word Flagship mobile
Killer phone killer performance
Only one word  Superb
Very fragile
Its good product
good Mobile best cemara
Worth every penny
Superb phone,photos click by camera are amazing,worth it
No words
Best quality genuine product thanks you Amazon
Just Rocking!lighting last performance
One year old manufacture product given
Display complaint at the bottom of the display a white patch
Everything is well good but battery is not up to mark.
Heating issue is coming front camera is not some clear
This phone is excellent..but Amazon's delivery Is slow
Good product and delivered very quickly ...thank u..👍
The is quit powerful and. Handles heavy apps very well
Phone is quite good... And better in case of camera...
Touch sensitivity is not so good
Awesome monster
Very nice phone
Very nice phone
Excellent phone
Value for money
Value for money
Best smartphone in this budget
Ok
Badhia Phone h..worth buying..but display should be AMOLED
Awesome
This phone wanderfull osm super i am so happy
Best buy for the money took it on same at 16k
This is a good phone for better price
Its a good proseser mobile super fast
Very bad MFD year2018  sell in 2019 poor quality
Very good item
Super phone
Battery and camera is problem
Very good phone as per price.
Awesome.
Superb
All well
I like
Superb
Greate
Nice product, facing hanging issue sometimes
Defective product delivered .Amazon cheating
good for gaming but not looking good
awesome phone,,,got in a great deal...king is king..
Best for gaming and the qualit of camera is too good
It has amazing features and has super quality of it.
Best phone in 2020 also under 15k very cool features
Happy to use the phone. Battery backup is excellent.
Totally good. But need improvement in camera quality
Except for camera everything is best about the phone
Very Poor Battery Life, Spam notification from MiUi.
Everyday there is an update which requires to reboot
The quality of face recognition is less than average
Good battery
Super product
Awsm phone ever I use till now Price killer
Sound at times is distorted.
Nice product from mi
Ok ok
Camera quality is average, battery is good.
Superb mobile.. for the price of Rs.13499/-
My camera has an issue and battery draining
I like this product in the range i get this
headset was missing and no warranty was provided too.
Highly satisfying To all needs
Good product with Flaship processor
best budget phone at cheaper price.
I bought 6GB & 128GB variant with around13,400 INR.
Overall good value for money phone ...in this price
Overall good phone and best for gaming at his price
Best smartphone under 15k # performance beast#
Mobile swech
Nice product
Nice product
Nice product
Great to use
Good product
Best in this price range !!
Wonderful phone under 15000
Processing very Fast.
Coolest smart phone
After 25 days its touch got stuck and its not working
After updating my selfie camera quality gone
Good
Awsm
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Awesome...can't compare to any other phone
Most confusing features. Not user friendly
Best for PUB G in this price point
Camera quality with gcam is superb
Good. Still worthy for non gamers.
All specs are work properly but battery drain fast
fingerprint OK camera OK battery life no
Not bad but ui animation problems and bettary esus
Need to improvement on battary capacity.
Its too early to coment on that but i like the camera quality.
Nice mobile
Totally waste of money..i will return this product
Good product
Best overall budget phone.
Good
When did it will get android pie update????
Must buy phone at a very amazing price.Happy with POCO
Performance 👍😍😍
Build quality is not good but performance is best
Awesome phone in this price
Shiped with Android 8 . Need to update 9.
Finger prints camara and battery hour is too good
Smart phone is very good but camera not satisfied
Camera works better when you install a Google xam
Another best smartphone by Xiaomi
Still its the flashship killer...
Awsome phone i love it.... Awsome
Best in budget and in performance
value for each penny love it
Good phone
Best phone
No ward to say.
Awesome phone, go for it.
Best phone in this price.
Good phone in this price.
Awesome performance and camera too
Good
Great Performance
Processor is best
Good
Great product and great offer offer provided by amazon.
Very good performance in all qualites...
845sd processor at affordable price...is amazing
No real fun in using it. Having charging issues.
Every thing is good but battery life is not good
Good Smartphone, Value for Money
very good features, crisp camera
Miui updates should be available
Waste of money ! Don't buy it 🔥
Super Mobile in this Price
very good
Excellent
Fully satisfied with product.
Best
Best in storage, and camera is awesome.
Super performance. But os is not smooth
Great specs. A real beast at the price.
Great flagship phone with L1 capability
camara Average but overall phone is good.
Nice phone but camera is not much as I expected
overall good but battery back up not up to mark
Good. But a bit heavy. Could have been sleeker.
Best option in that price range
Phone is weighted and not handy
Good Buy
Great buy for the price
Waste product don't buy
My phone is heating up very much I want to replace it
Best budget phone
Value for money
Very nice phone
Nothing to say.... Superb phone
Not a good product not a good company.
There is small blacklight bleeding in this device
Camera quality could have been better.
Just luv it...canera quality is superb
performance is very good and superfast
Not able to hear good voice and always blurred
Looking for performance in budget go for it..!
Mobile back side damage and mobile not working
Ultimate beast. Bought 6/128 for 13400 in sale
It's an absolute Beast.  Go for it
Nice phone snapdragon 845 chip
Set not have headset with this
Like it
Dark mode display is big issue under sunlight
Best budget smartphone
Nice phone in 13400 rs
Awesome Phone in its range ... Mind blowing
Good product and good user under 20k . nice
Good flag ship
Budget flaship
Best for gaming and good battery life
It poco dude take it you won't regret
Good quality mobile. Worth for money.
I want to refund my money but i can't
It's a great phone for gaming under 20k price
10 hours game play, iam sucked and drunked..,
One of the best gaming smartphone ...must buy
Great phone. Fingerprint is sometimes tricky.
Really great device @ this prize.... jai pubg
Really awesome Mobile at this price I love it
Good deal so far for this specs of poco phone
as per price phone and the featurs are awsome
Front flash like realme 3 pro
Such a wonderful phone for me
Camera and battery is awesome
😊😊😊
Value for money phone
Good product value for money
Supper
Yes I like it
Good phone 13,000 price in this time
Battery drain fastly after update 11
Value for money and excellent Phone.
Like- prasesar. Dis like- style
Value for money ,but don't update to miui 11
My mobile has good condition,I was satisfied
Camera quality & Battery life  not satisfied
The phone quality and performance is awesome
One of the best phones I have ever seen
Every thing awesome for me it's gaming phone
RECEIVED FAULTY ITEM . VERY PPOR EXPERIENCE.
Good product. Best smartphone in price range
Value for money this segment
I got mobile is very nice...
Super
Good Product
Budget phone
to good look
Good product
Great phone.
Go for it...
Good product
Love this ph
Best phone one could get under 25k.
Good phone especially processor
All things are very best and super faster
Excellent device. Got it for 15k during great Indian festival.
quality of the back panel is so low
such a amazing phone in great price
Overall good phone this price range
Only Battery life isn't satisfy me.
Overall it's a good phone to have..
Worst product its hanging too muchh
Just awesome low range gaming phone
Charger was not in proper condition
Mobile phone heats no use of liquid cooling
Awesome... Loved it. Good one at this range
Display quality is not good
Great phone with good speed
Good phone ...in this price
Best budget flagship killer
Just One word - "PHENOMENAL"!😊
Best
Good
Nice
Good
Kopp
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Best for ladies use
Everything thing is just smooth as butter
Great phone
Not good,,mobile hangs,,camera not good
Awesome
Nice phone in prize
Nice phone Best budget mobile
Camera quality is  not up to mark.
Awesome phone  with fast processer
Best device under such price range
best phone but has a screen issue.
I use it for normal modern phone functions
Great budget phone with smooth functioning
Mobile Phone box having some little damage
Best camera quality and good battery life.
Build quality and speaker quality not good
Fully satisfied for purchasing this device
Best mobile. Value for money
who else is facing touch issues while playing pubg?
Fingerprint reader so fast
Its just ok not much level
mobile very good condition
Gud
Super poco
Every thing is very good
Good phone
Nice phone
Good phone
Good phone
Best Budget flagship killer
Screen bleeding issues are seen
Good
Budget phone with latest hardware
Not getting securitypath updates.
Nice mobile, camera was awesome😍
Its a good value for money mobile phone😊
Awesome.... Mobile .. Price worth...
Best Speed Phone Under This Price Segment
Heavy wat phone. Camera quality not good.
Best mobile phone fast charging supported
Processor Is very fast . Phone never lags
Except for camera everything is satisfied
Since a week Facing mic issue ...
OK
Best mobile
Worth every penny
Very good product
Notch is old type
good quality
Excellent
Very good
Excellent
Excellent
Overall good
Very nice
Nice phone with affordable price
Poco f1 very very bad product 😠
Amazing fantastically fabulously
Best phone in such a low pricing
Battery draining very quickly,don't buy,
Fingerprint reader is very good ...
I like all the qualities in this mobile.
Please Man tan Full secrn YouTube videos
Great Phone @ a Very Affordable PRICE !!
Beast phone under budget
2hrs to full the battery
Value for money.
Nice Smart phone
Expect to better display Knotch.
Must buy
MUST BUY
Very nice product
Good but camera quality is low.
Camera quality is utterly worst
its the best phone in this price range.
The phone defuctive do not buying😭😰😭
Excellent quality and Better experience
The device was dead when I received it.
Value for money nice power at low price
In sale amazon sells defective products
Cant operate both 4 sim in this mobile.
Better than Realme XT 📷 camera... ❤️❤️
Best value for money...
Super camera...
This phone have so much heating problem.
Mobile is good but having some os bugs.
Dislike
Best performance phone
Fabulous phone in budget price
Everything is good. It,s budget phone.
This phone is amazing. It is worth it!
that is op gaming and op camera divice
Battery drains fast, did not expect it
Fingerprint reader is goid Good camera
Best.. Worth the money
Best feature phone....
Best budget smartphone
Good product with massive features at low price
Exelent mobile
Best under 15k
Lightning fast
Superb
The phone is very good.
value for money
Best in class camera work more better in GCam
Budget flagship still in 2020
more value than money spent😊
Best in 8GB ram at this price
Excellent phone at best price
One of the best in this price segment
So happy with the product and service
Best performance phone in this budget
Battery life is average. But not goof
Ok but after 6 months it's going slow
Camera quality very low at night mode
Value for money
Battery life very bad
amazing at this price
Nice
Very good
Awesome
Noice product
Good product.
Best in class
Love it!
Good product really.i like it.
Finger print is working well
Excellent product. Very fast
Front camera is not working properly
No competition in this price segment
Battery back up is not good ☹️☹️☹️☹️
All things about this phone is great
Excellent mobile and value for money
Awesome product at affordable price.
Mobile is slow after software update
Awesome device,superior performance.
Best product Loved it very much
Best phone under 20k
Screen uncomfortable
Vry good mobile fone
Greate device for dialy uses and performance
Supper
Minor Defect
Good product
Internet not working properly
Awesome Purchase ❤️❤️
Nice
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
Good
Nice
Nice
Unbeatable thing ...ever.😍
No More word Just go for it
Good to use & user friendly
I'm in love with Poco f1...
This deviceis gaming device
Camera or battery more than
Fantastic Good one Bettre
Camera quality superb sound awesome
Working good fast and budget phone.
Camera quality could've been better
This price segment POCO F1 is beast
Amazing phone with awesome features
Touch is pathetic.. not able to play pubg
Everything is okay.
Mi best mobile ever
Beast at this price
Best phone #poco f1
Value for the money
Take it or leave it
Best products in best price
Super
Liked
Nice phone.
Coool boooi
it's nice product...
I didnt regret buying this poco f1
Display not well...and full screen not available
best phone till the date under 18k
Good phone some apps still lagging
Best phone with better performance
One of the best phone under ₹14000
Improve camera and battery
Beast is always beast 💪🔥
Value of mony...soo good..
Ear phone is not received.
Worth it to buy !!
Awsm phone love it
best in the budget
Nice mobile but battery life short
Good
Good phone
Best phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
Good Phone
Varry good
Excellent
Nice phone and great Camera
Awesome product in 15k to 20k
Super mob and gcam support good image capture
Ok
OK
Dhone is good but display is poor
Nice product , except bezel size.
Heating problem Bettery drag
Excellent phone with good price..
Good performance but weak battery
Great product at a great pricing!
Awesome gaming experience
Overall good performance.
Display quality no 2 STAR
Phone hang during calling
Phone is hanging too much
No issues in the phone...
Nice budget phone
Excellent product
It's a nice phone
Very good product
Fast and accurate
Very good product
Excellent quality
Excellent
Very good
Fantastic
Excellent
Excellent
Go for it
Very nice
shandar,,
Best quality phone must buy it
Camera quality and battery good quality
Extrodiary
One of the best mobile under 20k
Processor is worth for the money
best phone at its range of price
Low budget Extremely superb
All the complit mobile was good.
battery and charging is not good
All good but invoice is not good
best phone in this price
Excellent for the price.
Was a great experience..
Nice and awesome product
Totally worth the money.
poco is king of mi brand
Very good mobile
Worst touch n display don't go for it in 2k20
Nice one ...best for gaming....
Super good mobile
It is good phone must buy
Mobile phone not get Switch ON!
Redmi Note 4 is the best phone.
As a new user satisfied for now
One of best mobile under 15k...
Battery capacity to be improved
Performance and camera are good
Great phone for mid-range price
Best flagship phone under 15000
Battery should be slightly more
When i can use mobile can close
best gaming mobilw ever
Damn it's a great phone
Processor, battery life
Best phones with sd 845
Value for Money Product
Nice experience
Value for money
Value for money
Very good phone
Value for money
Very nice Phone
Value for money
Mha fuddu phone
Great gaming experience
Not bad
Vo good
Awesome
Best phone in 20k price range
Good product....Superb👍
Best performance at very cheap price.
Camera quality is not enough.
Need to work on screen quality
Super mobile but battery is ok
Bluetooth not working properly
Premium mobile in budget range
Veri good phone , Like it
Very good for reasonable rates
Nice Poco phone superb
Very good all features
Best Quality for price
Just Awesome!!
Value of money
Battery issues
Very bad phone
Phaltu product
Camera is good
No NFC support..camera quality satisfactory
Excellent device value for money
Best phone in its category
one of the best
Awesome mobile
Awesome
Value for money
All sensor are perfectly work
Best phone below 20k till now
Its good low budget performer
It is a good budget mobile...
Poco f1 is batter than pocox2
It's POCO nothing to say more
Good product for general user
Nice mobile...worth for money
Very good and fanatic product
Amazingly beast at this price
Canara quality superb
Nice phone all in one
Best price wen offers
poco evergreen mobile
Nothing to dislike it
I am happy this phone
Battery is poor otherwise it is good
Bestt beast❤️
Download slow
Awesome Phone
I loved it...
Value for money
Good.
Game with ping peoblam
Waste of money
Best flagship phone in 16000
The top gaming low price mob
Best for pubg boys go for it
Best budget smartphone sd845
Fingerprint seancer is good.
Overall best smartphone....*
False product. Doesn't work.
Working very Smooth and nice
Battery not working properly
best product ever i seen😍😍
Awesome experience!!
Overall Good Product
The gameplay of pubg
Every thing is good.
Nice Phone in Budget
Good product
Good product
Best of best
Awesome
Got the defective product twice
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Best phone....fastest
Super
🥰
Mobile colour not satisfied
Fingerprint reader, battery
Overheating no battery life
Excellent even after a year
Best gaming mobile for pubg
Superb mobile in this price
Good Product to buy and use
Love sick Jodi ordo
Touch issue in pubg
Very good processor
100% value of money
Best camera quality
The product is good
Pwoli sanam
Paisa wasul
Good mobile
Best in class..hatts off mi
Good mobile
Nice mobile
Best product in our budget.
Nice mobile
Gud
Super phone, very excellent
Great phone with great specs
best mobile for pubg
Battery life can be extended
Good
Worth ✌️ value for money ✌
Camera clarity is not good
Nice product no complaints
Awesome phone... Go for it
Night mode camera, display
It is a great phone to buy
Display not better
Flagship killer :)
Value for money 👏
Mind blowing phone
Best at this price
Excellent phone...
Nice phone to have
Absolute value for money beast !
Nice
Nice phone
Good phone
Head phone not found ... any problem ??
Nice phone, good battery backup
👍
Ok
VERY BAD
Superb
Nice ping run very smooth
Better phone at that rate
Battery life is not good.
Good product in low price
Required more cam clarity
Even in 2020 it’s amazing
Battery life is not good.
Very happy with the phone
Camera quality is not gud
Worth for 15k .. damnSure
Nice.i love this phone...
Best smartphone under 15k
Display is not pure white
Good flagship performance
Best Phone cost of budget
Performance beast
Excellent product
Very good product
Poco F1 armored edition 8/256...
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
I like it
Very nice
Good one.
Very good value for money
Phone display gone within a month.
Awesome
Touch and screen quality
Battery life is not good
Not a bad deal @ 15000/-
Battery life is so good.
Add call not work ing...
Best Phone In 15K Budget
Best phone at this price
Poor qualitya dont by it
Fast finger print reader
Value for money champion
Simply awesome. loved it
Heating problem too much
Excellent mobile
Excellent phone.
Very nice mobile
Excellent mobile
Nice performance
Awesome product.
Very good device
Awesome. Product
Unboxing product
Best of the kind
Outstanding.....
Nice product.....I like it very much.
liked it
Great
Nothing to dislike about the phone
👍
best phone under 25000
👍
Very awesome performance..
Nice
Product Is good. You can buy
Dont buy...waste of money
Liked the battery life.
still a beast in 2019..
excellent work for PubG
superb phone for gaming
Nice product. Liked it.
Battery life is too low
Good... In all aspects.
Really gud phone to buy
Only for gaming
Best smartphone
good for pubg !
Excellent phone
Value for money
Awesome overall
very nice phone
Camera is class
Display problem
Value for money
So good product
value for money
Nice device at good price
OK good
Awesome
Not bad
Not bad
Good
Ok
Super worth for price.
Camera quality too bad
Super smart phone ever
kollam poli sanam my**
Best choice of my life
It's a fastest phone..
Charger wasn't working
Super mobile I like it
Such a wonderful phone
Best budget phone ever
Performance is good 👍
Best phone under 14999
Awesome flagship phone
Have detect in the pic
Screen is blinking....
All things are good 😍
A lot of touch issues.
Best Phone Dhashu Ekdm
Facing battery problem
Super phone loved it..
Improve camera quality
Great phone this price
Nice one
best processor
Awesome mobile
Good product..
City finish to
Sd 845 awesome
Hwhshsh
Good
Awsm phone
Superb
Awesome camera
Value for money!!!!!!,,,
Multipletouch issue
still value for money
Everything is awesome
Performance very good
Item is best prossece
Good phone @this rate
Phone is not starting
Really amazing mobile
Screen bleeding issue
Nic n genuine product
Some softwares issues
Built quality
Tuch not work
Nice  mobiles
Phone is good
Over all good
Best device..
Mind blowing.
But my display lighting is less
Super
Great
Owsom
Nice product.beast for gaming.
Bekar phone 👹👹👹👹👹👹
Camera quality
Good
Superb as like one+
Everything is great.
overall good product
Best  on this  prize
Please exchange this
Overall performance.
Some bugs in updates
Perfect hardware and
Super......away some
Good value for money
Flagdhip at midrange
Good camera quantity
Worst battery backup
Good Product quality
Gud mobile on budget
It's really worth it
It's amazing
Nice product
Best product
Poor quality
Good Product
Good product
Dear Concern
Just go 4 it
Supar.. good
Good one..😎
Great device
Power-packed
Battery life
Nice product
Thnks amazon
Best
Nice
Fine
Good
Good
Supr
Good
Best
Good
Nice
Good
Best
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good and Value for Money
Nice
Best Flagship processor phone
Nice
Good working
Overall good product
Bad battery
Nice one
Best phone in range
Its good this price
Awesome performance
Mobile is very good
I like this product
Best. In this price
Awesome performance
Bettery life to bad
Best budget phone🧡
Every thing is fine
Totally good mobile
Increadible
Worst Phone
GREAT VALUE
Nice mobile
Super phone
No Comments
Nice mobile
Phone quality is very good
Osm
noch very big
Nyc
Disappointed
Na
Everything is supperbb
Awesome mobile loved it
It's all excellent
Nice mobile phone.
Pakka ek dham mall
Better usages...🤩
Earphon is missing
Camera not quality
It's really superb
Nice1,, no wordss,
Full bakwss mobile
Awesome for gaming
Nice experience...
Bro Touch issue 😥
Great budget phone
Excellent in price
It is a good phone
Best at it's Price
Good Phone
Nice phone
Best phone
Nice phone
Superb all
Good phone
Best phone
Nice phone
Best phone
Nice phone
Good phone
Best phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
very good product
👍
Touch is not working properly
Good product
Hi
Nice mobile
Nice phone in this price
camera is super..
Osm poco f1
Totally all over nice product
very good product
Very good product
It's just awesome
Best budget phone
Vera level mobile
Good phone for me
Excellent product
Worth of money...
impresive result.
I love mi poco f1
Lot of price drop
Charging is slowy
Nice worrh to buy
Back door no good
performance beast
Excellent product
Some touch issues
Excellent product
Best mobile ever❤
Only like
I love it
Fantastic
Excellent
Excellent
I like it
Very fast
Osm phone
Excellent
Nice  one
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Notch was irritating
Nice phone liking
Super camera beat
Monster phone in this price
Extraordinary phone
Super ....
A good pick for the budget,
Nice but miui 11 suck
Ok ok not awesome
Good phone
Battery drain fast
Overall performance beast
It's good
Mast performance
Awesome product.
Inbuilt capacity
Value for money.
Vrey good mobiel
Super cool phone
Gaand faad phone
Wonderful device
Battery life gud
Everything is ok
Product is good!
Really graet
Just go for it ...awsm phone
All good
Good buy
Not good
All good
Good one
Fabulous
Nice one
Not up to the mark
Good product
Battery issue
Nice Mobile
Super fast super smooth
Amazing product
Flagship killer
Battery is weak
Excellent piece
Worth for price
Fix the bugs...
Very good phone
Nice product...
Value for money
Quite satisfied
Ta bah I phone.
Master of speed
Smooth working.
Awesome product
Very good phone
Very nice phone
Value for money
Nice device😇👍
A small heating
Fantastic phone
Awesome
Awesome
Nyc phn
Awesome
Nothing
Amazing
Awesome
Beefy Rig
So nice...
snapdragon 845
A good product
Nice processor
Beyond awesome
Just loving it
All of is good
Ir face unlock
Classy Product
Mast phone hai
Better quality
I love it 😍😍
The best phone
Superb
Superb
Camera
Good👍
simple phone
Best phone ever
Awesome
Best
Good
Awesome
Overall it's good
Good product.
Best in price
Best in class
Speed is good
Worth product
Best for pubg
Network issue
Awesome phone
It is a,beast
Awesome Phone
Good products
Just amazing.
display👎👎👎
Average phone
Great product
super phone..
a GOOD MOBILE
Awesome phone
Best flagship
Amazing phone
Amazing phone
Nice purchase
Price is good
Awesome phone
Worth
Best!
Best!
Beast
Super
Worst
LIKED
Super
Nice Awesome 👍
Nice
👍👍👍
Better than mobile
Awesome phone at this price
Just amazing product
Nice product
Ausm product
Nice product
Disappointed
Overall good
Owsm product
Good  mobile
Perfect phon
Awesome fone
Battery life
Good product
Awesome tech
Nice product
Good product
Overall good
Touch issues
Good product
Nice product
Nice product
Nice headset
Best product
Very hitting
good product
battary Lost
Good product
Nice product
Good product
Very cool 😎
Good product
Good
Nice
Good
Best
Good
Like
Nice
Cool
Good
Ch m
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Good
good
Cool
Good
Cool
Good
good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Best
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Like
Nice
NICE
Nice
Best
Nice product !!
Nice
Super
Working Good
Gud working
Finel phone
Worth 4 15k
Fantaboulos
Performance
Outstanding
PUBG ROCKER
Good mobile
Nice mobile
Fairly Good
Good mobile
Jst Awesome
Nice mobile
Good to use
Worst phone
Best mobile
Battery's problem
Yes
Osm
Wow
WOW
Osm
Nice
Good
Nice
Very very nice.
Awesomeeee
Not worthy
Best phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
nice it is
Nice phone
Nice phone
Overall ok
Nice phone
Nice phone
Low coloty
It's great
Best phone
Good phone
Good phone
Nice phone
Best phone
NA
Good mobile for long usage.
Charger not working
Excellent
beast performance
Amazing for gaming...
Excellent in this budget
So smooth
Fantastic
Very good
very nice
Very nive
Very good
It's good
Very good
Superrrrr
Excellent
Good nise
Very good
Mst phone
Nice yaar
Fantastic
Great one
Excellent
Defective
very good
Very good
Excellent
Processor
Nice
Excellent
Nice handset
NYC product
Screen is not give. Overlapped
Nice smart phone
All good
Beast ♨️
Love it.
Good!!!!
Nice buy
Good one
Nice one
Not good
Worth it
Nice one
Good one
Good one
Good buy
Good one
Op phn h
Super product...
Good not best
Touch issue
Screen issue there in the bottom
Not too shabby
Pro mode
Splendid phone..
Awesome
Average
Awesome
Awesome
Aowsome
Not bad
Average
Superbb
Perfect
Wowwwww
amazing
Awesome
awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Nothing
Nice 😄
Nothing
All rounder
The best product
Good
Really awesome mobile
Better device
Good product
I like
Superb
I like
Superb
Superb
Length
Camera
All ok
Camera
Good camera quality
All of good
Truly a beast🔥🔥🔥
Good
Beast mobile
Good product
Beast
Super
SUPER
great
Super
Ultimate Device
Worth
Super
Super
Kasaw
Super
Super
Super
Nicee
OK OK
Best one
Good phone
Top.......ooop
Super
Good
Like
Good
Nice
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Okay
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Nice
Like
Nice
nice
Best
Good
Awsm
Good
Good
Fine
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Best
Nice
Good
Good
Ajay
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
Nice
Good
GOOD
Good
🔥👍
Good
Nice
Good
Nice
Good
good
Good
Good
Nice
Good
good
Good
Good
Boom
Nice
Good
Nice
Good
Nice
good
Good
Good
Good
Best
Nice
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Good for gaming
Nice
Spr
God
NYC
Bad
wow
Osm
Fan
nic
Hhy
Nic
Nyc
Abc
Nice
Nice2Meet
Camera also not bad
Excellent
Good
Bast quality
Good gadgets
😁
Ok
Ok
No
No
I very Happy
Bole to jakas😋
nice product
Good
SUPERFAST
Nyc super
Good
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Good
Super
Good
Fast
This phone is owsome.
Good
OK
Best
Good product
Super
Good
Good
Awesome
Good
Good
Nice
Good
This is the best phone i have used. Great camera, Amazing battery that last me for 9 hours easily even after playing games on it plus it has type c charging so the phone will be charged by 2 hours. It does not over heat while playing games as it has liquid cooling. Super quick phone easy to use. Best thing is that i can easily compare it to the 1 plus 6. Some features might even be better. I have used it for around two months and i don't think i will ever need to change my phone for a long time.
just trust me and buy the amazing phone best in class best phone for budget with snapdragon 845 available only in red rosso
I bought a Poco F1 (6GB/128GB) last week from a nearby shop. I was looking for a device for excellent processing under 20K with a Snapdragon SoC and 6GB RAM with 128 GB Memory. So, I have found the F1 is the best for me. I have seen many reviews on youtube and after 1 year it is still a better choice than other newer devices.  anyway here is my review.  Pros:  1. Build quality- it feels light but premium. It can easily use a single hand. Feels lighter than similar-sized devices. The buttons are on the right side and easily can be accessed with the right-hand thumb or left direction fingers. Same with the fingerprint sensor. The device comes with most of the usable sensors. my score 9/10.  2. Display- the display is good and produces the colors with accuracy. I am using another J7 Prime 2 which has a TFT IPS display and also used A5 (2017),A50/A70 which has an AMOLED display which makes the color over-saturated. So, I will put the F1 display in between them. The brightness is also enough to use it in direct sunlight and in total darkness. Only thing I found con is the long notch. So, my score 9/10.  3. Battery life- it comes with a 40 MaH battery with fast charging. With Jio/Airtel two 4G sims, it lasts easily one day with normal usage. And the charging is very fast. it took about 2 hours max to full charge the battery depending upon how much battery power you have left. score 10/10.  4. Audio quality- it comes with a mono speaker that sounds quite loud. The speaker for calling also has good enough sound. you can take a call anywhere. And also enjoy your music/video with ease. score 10/10.  5. Call/data/wifi quality- I am using it to make calls. The network reception is very strong. Both SIMs work on 4G VoLTE at the same time. Mobile data and wifi are also strong and stable. No issue is there. 10/10 from me.  6. Camera- Both the front selfie camera and the back camera is very good. Both produce good acceptable results. I have not used them much, but still able to take some selfies and shots on Diwali night. You can see them with this review. 9/10.  7. U.I./OS- U.I. is very amazing. The device comes with "Poco Launcher" which can be downloaded from Google play store. It is simple, smooth, customizable and supports tons of themes. The device comes with very little bloatware, no annoying Microsoft apps and most of the Mi apps can be removed easily. So, you can easily load it up with your most used and favorite apps only. Personally I love the gesture features and because of it, you don't have to go to the bottom and press the buttons. I already got the latest O.S. Upgrades/updates which have made the device smoother. I have not encountered any annoying ads till yet. 10/10  8. Security- the device comes with the usual security such as PIN, Password, and pattern along with fast fingerprint and face unlock features. The fingerprint is very fast and accurate. As for the face unlock, it is damn good. works fast and even in night darkness also. The device supports dual app support and app lock also. So, you can share it without any privacy issue. my score 10/10.  9. Performance- It is my most favorite part. The monstrous Snapdragon 845 nd Adreno 640 is very powerful. I have bought this device to stream and play "Call of duty; Mobile" game. The game starts with a very high max setting and looks amazingly detailed with shadows, blood splitting, explosive effect, building details, etc. I played the game up to character level 101 on my old J7 Prime and now it feels entirely different experience n the F1.  Same with Need For Speed: No Limit where everything looks stunning. last but not least the PUBG game starts with HD mode and looks like a proper PS/Xbox game. I played the very first game on Miramar map and won it for a very high-quality look. e,g I saw the last enemy hiding on a bush and shoot on him on the head with a single shot. Last but not least the device dnt heat up much and consumes heavy battery (rops abut 10% o 15% in 2 hours depending upon the game and game settings) . Again this is very specific to the individual user depending on his/her game types, game settings, apps installed, etc. my score 10/10.  10. Game launcher- It is a single app where you can manage and play your games in one place. This apps enables "Do not disturb", "Shutts off auto brightness", "Scree shot", "share to facebook", "screenshot","screen recorder" etc by single tap.  10/10 from me.  Cons-  Personally I don't see any major cons on the device. at the price, you don't complain much. But I will still mention some shortcomings.  1. No NFC and IR blaster, if you need them, then this is not for you.  2. I wish there is another speaker set grill on the left side to make it the proper speaker perfect device.  3. the headphone jack is located in a weird location. I mean if you use a wired headphone to play games, the headphone jack feels a little awkward near the left thumb. But if you use a Bluetooth one, then this is ok.  So, this is my review and experience abut the Poco F1. I read what I felt and saw, nothing less or more.  If you like my review useful, then please give an upvote, so that other can also read it. Regards and thanks in advance.
Guys this phone is awesome but some people say it's fake due to the logo 'pocophone ' and as u can see in the next pic this phone is from Europe,Singapore and USA so no need to panic it's called as pocophone in those countries and in India the launch name is poco so you'll get it with the name poco and as u can see it's from poco
6 months after Battery, performance, fingerprint scanner, face unclock 5+/5 Camera wity gcam 4/5 No heating issue nothing as such Only style is 3/5 Reat all great phone
Bought it from a wholesaler. Its an okay phone. Speed is very good. Sleek and stylish. Quite heavy. The only problems i have is that the phone heats up a lot when playing pubg, tethering or on long whatsapp calls. Second, the battery backup is not very good lasts for 8 hours max. Also the body is polycarbonate and the screen is very fragile and breaks easily.
Stupid product. Apps are delayed and have to restart several times. How to dispose this .I do t mind throwing this. Thought this will help with more ram.sucked
I bought the 6 gb ram 128 gb storage variant at 15k and i couldn't believe I'm getting snapdragon 845 chip in this! Other devices at this price have 6 series processors with some fancy waterdrop notch or 4 5 cameras. But for me the chip really matters and this device was a no brainer! Also cameras are really good. Came close to winning the blind camera test right?!
Are you a hard core Gamer? Wanna be a pro at PUBG MOBILE ? Worried about high price? Want a cheap Mobile with all the specs installed? Why are you waiting? Go buy this right now♥️  Honestly SD 845 processor makes a huge difference within 20k price range. There is no smell of Lag issue. Smooth like a Hot knife on butter. If you're a hard core Gamer then this is the best choice to buy. ( Opt for 8GB variant )  Second thing is System UI performance . Basically each & every Xiaomi device get regular stable updates , so there will be a bug free environment 👍  Camera! Ahh... Neither a pro Nor a regular one. Mainly developers focused more on device performance so you can't point out on why camera is not so good as other device. Obviously they cannot provide good camera within this range. So ladies 😁 if you're looking for a selfie device then opt for any other.  Battery 🥺 4000mah! Pretty decent. You can play upto 4 PUBG Erangle game charge dropping from 100% to somewhere near 15%. Each match estimated to last long 45min. So far Battery is good.  Now you may ask what about CPU Temperature 🤔 ! Well it's not that hot. While extreme gaming it reaches upto 39°. Overall it can be rated between 85-90/100 .  Finally! It's a value for product 🤑 I'm writing this review with Poco itself 😋 Go! Buy it right now
First of all Amazon delivery made me unhappy. Coming to phone, Pros: camera quality is awesome For games it's ok I love to play asphalt 9 very much clear and fast no lags. The battery can be useful for up to 9 hours if you're normal user 24 hours. And the phone outlook and quality is fine. Cons: sometimes it gets heat a lot while charging and playing pubg. Too much lags in pubg but graphics levels are peaks. And few options are not user-friendly. Price is a little high Overall happy to use especially loved the camera
So after a month uses, I am writing this review. Battery, heating and bit camera should be upgraded. Rest the phone performance, its beast. I am plaaying pubg, call of duty, brothers in arms and asphalt legends 9 but it nevere gave me a single reason for disappointment. User interface gives you premium feel. Every single things can be editable. So coming to the point, Battery is getting hot at the time of charging so i am charging it in switch off. Battery Backup should be bit more fine but still it works for a day after playing of pubg for an hour. Rest camera should be bit more advanced. But if all thse things will be ok then why it comes with a price tag of this so dont think just go for it. It has so many pros that all these managable cons will not be considerd. So if you are looking for a performance phone you can buy it in ur sleep.
This phone doesn't lagging even a high capacity game can be handled by this mobile v v short lag period
This product is too costly When compared to Other products  Fingerprint working that only I can tell  Battery capacity is big but It can be used around 6 to 7 hours If u need more duration of battery life Call log, music that all, just press lock button.  Value for money? It has sd 845  Other than than  Completely wast of money
I think it's better to by 12k phone from Xiaomi rather than buying flagship it's worthless to invest 23-24k and experience is same like 12k phone.
This is a very capable smartphone but its battery life is very low. If you take any rupees 10000 plus smartphone with mid level to higher processor phone than you can see how bad it's battery life is. Xiaomi has lowered its battery time for its lower price. I have this phone in my family and I can see it is not a good buy for anyone. This is my free advice.
This is the best smartphone under budget, it is directly fight with high budget smartphone such as: one plus 6, iPhone 7,6,6s etc. It's hardware and software performance is gorgeous  , specially the camera performance mind-blowing I have no word to tell.
It is very goodphone and worth its money.battery life is excellent . Very fast down loading videos from YouTube.updates are regular.
The back of the smart phone is not rugged as it seemed on pictures, 5000 mah battery backup will make it better. Dimple appeared at some place of screen while playing games like pubg etc. Photos taken at night by normal mode is better than those taken by night mode. Silicon back cover provided along with it is too soft , does not have good snug fit. Did find some lagging issue when played pubg for long hour. Magnification while playing pubg causes disruption, when accidentally double tap occurs, screen pinning option is missing.  Finger print sensor is good, ir face recognition is also thumbs-up, camera is ****, reflex seamed better while playing pubg another 👍 for the 845 processor. Speaker sound is ok for media playback.
I would have given 5 stars if its display is perfect but its setting on the screen is pathetic... Its having great specs but display is also an important part of a mobile, so I cant give 5 out of 5. Touch is superb, dashing looks, awesome camera, very fast charging, great performance till date after using 3 months, so fast, no hang at the time of game like fifa, pubg.. Alllllllllll ok.. but think if u playing football and a portion is always blocked in filed, how it seems to be ..... if u can ignore that display issue then thi is the best deal in market.. just no doubt about it...
This one is least user friendly phone i have used so far. A few apps i have installed disappeared from the display screen for some reason. Very irritating.  Key pad gets activated when your on a call and the person on the other side often complained that they hear beeps as the number keys are keyed in due to the contact of the screen to the ears. I do not recommend this product.
Camera is amazing. I have clicked many photos and they are top notch. also, the build is solid. I have dropped my phone so many times but thank god, there is only a screen crack, the touch still works. The battery lasts for 1.5 days if u use social media, however i have not tried gaming. The fingerprint and face detector are very quick. The processing speed is also very good. I bought 128Gb one so its been a year now and there is ample space. Anyone looking for a good camera and a good battery life, and sturdy build can go for it.
Screen is too much sensitive from the bezels eventhough I exchanged it (cause every model has this issue).It's a deal breaker for me cause while gaming even if I'm not touching the screen it senses my touch and touches anywhere and  little wet sweaty hands it's impossible to use it cause It keeps on touching everywhere like the device is hacked or something(impossible to type)
Please avoid the product as amazon is bluffing its costumers by selling defective pieces which are manufactured last year .As my phone screen is showing unusual light in bottom left corner but then also amazon is refusing to replace the piece giving excuse that it is feature of the phone which is absolutely false .it one the manufacturing defect .
Iam using the phone for past 4 months ,I bought this for playing pubg iam happy with that,zero lag it runs smoothly even in ultra HD mode ,game booster is there to reduce ping issue,call quality , battery life , display,face unlock in dark ,finger print, tooooooo guddd go for it if ur a gamer ,camera was 3/5 AVG, while playing continuously 2 hours it heats but not that much max.. built quality too gud ,I bought the best case for my rosa red colour ringke red colour go for it ,looks sexy in hand ....
It came with good features, anyone can think it is a beast. I bought it offline. Here are my reviews:  Camera quality is awesome. But after 2 months of usage, camera didnot work, several error came. Google Poco F1 camera issue for more details. ALl issues with camera will start after 2-3 months for most users.  Screen has bleeding issue, touch insensitive. I think this is the worst phoneI purchased till date. Don't buy ...
Got the Forth Phone for the family. Almost evry switched to this phone for an unmatched dependability and performance it provides. Camera is real good in day light and indoors! Dark images, judge by yourself
I  purchased the phone on 30sep 19. I phone I recieved is outdated version. Even the picture shows that phone is of last year. Even the Android version mentioned in site was snapdragon 845 but I recieved some old Android version. After asking for return request also there is no reply from the team and now thr reutrn request is also blocked.
Plz improve battery life after six mothe use battery discharge ratio increase and price drop so fast I felt i' m chutiya.
It is a good phone because it more speedy works Poco f1 comes with a processor of snapdragon 855  it nice to playing online games such as pubg cod coc etc the phone come with back and front camera back of 12+5mp that is 5 mp focus and front camera by 20 mp i think both camera are so nice it have dual 4g sim slot it's is very helpful for jio users  and it have good look gorilla glass finger print reader for phone and app lock and face  recognition for lock screen and app lock it is good It comes with a full screen display and good battery life  of 4000 mah and the delivery is good  good packing by mi and also by amazon this phone hang at the time of storage full and have a little size and weight this phone good for this money I m using this phone for 1. 5 year I have nt get any complaints thanks for mi and amazon I think this review is helpful for you
Super edit 9 feb not wroth when compared to poco x2, i bought this for 15500 on republic sale. camera is awesome. latest updates we are getting, gcam mod available, but touch is not as good as my previous phone mi max 2, i didn't see any screen bleeding issues, i put hide big notch on settings. may be good for gaming lovers. other wise x2 is better main point is we get ir face recognize even in nights it detect my face. but no ir remote, which i need but compromised. go to x2 64 gb available same price as 256 gb is not necessary while all content is available online freely.
I have this poco f1, phone is good but mi is not good at after sale service I got yellow spots on screen and went to service center and they changed display with a cheap display and technician made a mistake and my receiver not work now I have to repair it from local vendor I have made many complaint to MI support but they have no clue about my issue. Useless brand with useless staff
Value for money product. Features are good. Battery life is OK and lasts for more than 12 hours. Fingerprint reader is working fine do far. Sometimes small delay us noticed. Not happy with the camera of Poko. I had purchased A2 mobile a month earlier. The quality of the still photo as well as video are much better than Poko mobile.
I have been using this for past 2 days, & the only thing I didn't liked for now is its finger print scanner placement, sometimes I accidentally put my finger on the camera, other than that haven't faced any hardware or software issues, will keep updating this comment for future updates
Worst product. Wastage of hard earned money.
Worth for money. Nice processor and liquid cooled technology,speed IR face response,excellent gaming performance and no heat on ultra hd (in pubg).Call of duty also.No lagging or hanging on multitasking..Finally I got the cool and nice one.
Very poor product. I purchased it yesterday only  and after starting the phone screen goes totally blank. Nothing comes on screen. Talked to amezon executive, but typical talking. I will not buy any item from Amazon here afterwards.
Using Poco F1 Rosso Red for nearly 1 month....Nothing issue except LCD Display...But obe request to Xiaomi...pls, don't slow down the capabilities of SD845...Hear that they are slowing down with each update so that customer shifts to another phone... Don't do this...We need SD845 at full speed...
This is the best budget smartphone in both camera and performance you can buy. Snapdragon 845 is smooth as hell and the camera is just wowwww, you can click whatever you imagine with this smartphone. POCO F1 will always be my one of the most loved smartphone. I have been using this smartphone from almost a year and trust it has never disappointed me. From the fingerprint reader to almost everything is best at this budget. Just one thing i felt its lacking is Gorilla Glass for more safety.
While playing pung it heats, camera is good but in green pics it is not focused and sharp in Marco  or near shorts. I am also facing issue with touch it is very sensitive and weirdly responsive. Amazon says u will not get the refund it will only be replaced. Bad service by them. Disappointing.
This phone was launched an year ago but specs of this beast still beat many phone in same price range, go for it while it's available, its a great phone, hope mi introduce its successor soon.
This is an awesome product, this poco is for gaming but if you are thinking to install social apps it may lower your performance.phone is a deadly combination of snapdragon and liquid cooling. if you are thinking to buy a in budget gaming phone , i will recommend POCO.  ITS ON HOW YOU USE THE PHONE.
This is the worst mobile I had used Hanging eventhough free memory space Unable to attend the call occasionally hanging during calls Network issues in this mobile no internet speed in this mobile in any network in city area also some lag in network
Touch screen sensibility is not so satisfactory. Sometimes recognizes the finger print after 2 - 3 attempts. Battery life OK to some extent.
Best mobile in this price segment at this time Processor is quite good ( good for gaming) And camera is average And face unlock is super fast
This is a seriously genuine review after using it 7 month..this phone processor started working malfunctions..i bought it for pubg gaming..but you can't record the screen while playing the game smoothly..tuch to process response is not so good..and I don't know the bullet registration is so far good of any iPhone
This phone is heaven for speed lovers, great graphics, superb camera, and it comes with android one. Go for it. Best under 30k phone. You know other brands have launched similar phones for 25k, 27k, 29k. This one beats them by a couple of miles.
I cancle this product of dealy of delivery i brought from mi shop. It is good for use no lag prblem compare to one plus 6t series this is good for middle class money
I always wanted one plus 6 (not T) but the issue was price. My friend have one plus 6 he suggested Poco f1. And I don't regret I purchased this phone. Awesome camera with shutter speed control n super slomo. Processor is fast. Many people still haven't heard about this phone til now.
All good I'm using this phone from 2 months and it a beast. But please mind the screenshot :p  Phone 6GB & 8GB variant only
This phone is very good, camera quality is fulfilled ur need, also very fast in processing.Only thing u have to take care is don't use ur mobile while charging it, it will get battery swelling.
Best phone I ever had. 😍😍😍😍😍 Using this phone for almost an year now. Super solid stable phone. It had all those premium hardware except OLED screen and metallic body but was sold then at around 20k.  Even now this is a beat buy phone ant reduced priçe tag.
Bal
Got this phone at 17.2k, which is a steal considering the amazing specs this phone has.. Amazingly smooth, decent camera
phone is not working properly and also the customer service was not responding .....  i want to return it but its not happing .... worst service....😠😠😠😠
Super phone Never hang High internet speed Good camera High speed fingerprints and ir face scaner
Good
Using this phone more than one year, you cannot get a phone worth more than this in the same price range, battey is great,camera is good,  face unlock is awesome, totally this phone is a pro. There is no use of launching Poco F2 yet.
Very bad service. I update the latest version of MIUI11 and after that my phone getting hanged. The service is not good. They said that why you update that version. I truly said that please don't purchase this. I am very disappointed by the POCO service.
I have been using this phone as my daily driver since the day I received it and I have to day this is the best phone within ₹20000. Price to performance ratio is amazing. Its worth more than its price, go for it.
Pubg players don't buy it. Very poot multi touch sensitivity
 K20 PRO ...OTHERWISE THIS IS THE BEST OPTION AVAILABLE @REASONABLE PRICE!
In simple words, Poco is just a beast and worth at this price range, about display its not like screen bleeding slightly a white shade coming outat the bottom, but its not that much issue, even I thought before buying this but I am happy now
I was sceptic before ordering. smiled is overrated as this screen is more than you need. You do not need anything more. It is fast very fast. Very good screen.  Lot of storage and fun phone.  2 pc screen bleed not much.
It is the best phone i ever had this the phone which i wanted . I can play pubg in HD+ with out any lag and no heat up until 1 hour great phone in less price
Great phone with great features. Best processor and great memory.  Touch screen is a tad slow. But is a good buy for the price..
Every thing looks good , great performance ,great battery, captivating camera but the most worst thing is display. After using it for 9 months now iam facing issues with screen, a yellow colour mark is appeared on the screen .
One of the best flagship mobile product with less money
Bought it for PUBG as it was the no. 01 flagship of Xiaomi at the time when it was released. In conclusion not good to play games like PUBG.
The phone heats up a bit and it charges fast for few months and it breaks up the speed gradually. Processor is good no complaints regarding the performance . Good camera 😘 . In 2019 this phone is not a better choice
Flagship quality specs for a mid-range price. The phone is well built and I have no problems whatsoever with it. IR face unlock, fingerprint reader is fast and make me love the phone even more. No problems faced playing high-end games.
For pubg, don't go buy this rather than buy one plus or asus or iphone. For regular use you can buy this. Problem is it heats so much and then lags too much.
I bought this mobile for brother it's excellent and affordable price too..I bought 6gb ram rosso red colour..and it's looks stunning..worth for the money I have spent
Great phone overall. But the camera is literally the worst I have seen till date. Performance is top notch but if you are photo holic person, you are definitely not going to like it.
Exchange refused by buyer
Very good and even relevant today. You all are already know the specifications. Camera quality is too good.
 Super product ever
Good phone bought again for my wife
Review after one year of usage..still a beast.
I am using it from last 10 months and still it runs like a bull. You can only compare this with one plus 6. Hope Xiaomi will soon launch its flagship next model looking forward to it.
Overall verygood product based on my needs ..camera , battery , gaming etc r well performed..
The newcomer in 2018, the best budget flagship phone, just the big notch looking ocquered but overall this phone is the best phone in 2018 as F1 on poco by xaomi.
Reviewing after using of one month this phone is best on this value i purchased this phone duaring sale and it has come around RS.14000 I am very happy using this phone and is best.
I like this product to much because gaming on poco f1 is beast & battery last upto 1 to 2 day* *(usual uses like calls & chating) anyway buy this product I like it
I think this is sick phone not for gaming only for chatting its good this mobile is waste for gaming
What is the great phone... Everything is there what you expect.
I bought this poco f1 on last week. At that time their is no problem for this phone. But now it shows screen bleefing issue. What will i do????
In sale... Only 15999...one of the most valuable phone
Awesome phone made by xiaomi.. Superfast processor. But please provide ontime update of android versions & also lookinto the build quality..over all am setisfy with this brand.
Value for money
Satisfied: Battery-90% Camera-85% Fingerprint-100% Face unlock-80% Game experience-100% Overall a good mobile-90%
Still better than other phones in this range.
The phone has zero resistance to water. Even little exposure to rain caused short circuiting in its motherboard and display. The phone is of no use thereafter.
1. Fingerprint superfast 2. Face unlock also great 3. Battery life :- more than 1 day 4. Processor :- jabardast 5. Camera :- just awesome
The camera in this phone is really nice.. I feel the mic in this phone is not satisfactory.. Battery life is good
Amazing camera💝
Provides lag free performance but speakers started trembling while ringing or playing music within 2 weeks of buying.kindly consider that
Waste of money.. That's it and decision is yours
Best expect battery
Best phone in this range
Yes....only if you don't care about design and big notch. It won't disappoint you in performance and camera quality
Nice quality but camera quality disappointed
Thank God I received a good product without any Ghost touches
No doubt phone is amazing
The main reason of not giving 5* is that, the touch response of screen. It is easily operable by any mattel, which is disgusting for me.
Great performance with good budget.Excellent processer
Amaajing telephone my son baught this nd he ij always in game nd playing nd in the phone all day is great phone
I was waitingfor this phone and before buying it i have comapared it alot and even with k20 leaving some features  its beated the k20
Phone..... Overall good but points can be improved as following: 1. Touchscreen is bad. 2. Battery is good . And everything ok
This phone has screen bleeding problem ..display are very cheap & third class parts use in this phone
Bad call quality, bad network detection, bad speaker, buggy MIUI. Keeps crashing, listening to the other person is a real pain
Nothing to dislike, prodtis perfect but by mistake I have choose the wrong colour product.because i want the armoured edition colour.
One of the best camera of mobiles Great processor 4k 60fps video support Super slow-motion Nailed it👍👍👍👍
 I want to say one word (O.P phone ) 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Got delivered today (Oct 17 2019).. worth for what you pay. Fully loaded phone at economy price
Dont buy it from amazon.buy it from mi app. It is cheaper there.
Could have been good looking rest is perfect
Battery can be more good.
Your product is great but a great product needs great influence. You can see my page on insta or contact me there
Best Gaming phone under 15k
Very very very good product
Camera quality not good
Best mobile in this price poco f1 processor is so fast , pic is also good not bad
Everything is perfect whether "Fingerprint reader " or "Battery life " or Screen quality " .👌👌👌
Overall good phone to buy
Just because of minor scratch on my old phone they rejected the exchange 😒 this is very irritating for me...
Best phone in market. Value for money. Worth to buy.
Camera quality not satisfied Battery also not good with compare to redmi
Battery Backup is not Good Normal usage time 4-5 hours only
Fingerprint sensor is so fast but back camera is not so good, selfie camera is still good, Battery ia working fine
Awesome
Good
This ain't a mobile, I call it a beast. You can't have anything else at such a price range.
Touch quality poor
Good phone
Nice one
Best service best phone amazon is the greatest than other e commerce sites
Very bad product
Excellent mobile
Fingerprint reader so quick and battery good value for money poco f1 phone very good mobile
Hi
Never buy this phone...it has issue in both rare camera and flash light mostly in all set...
It's just been 1 week and the jack of my Poco F1 is not working and I don't know what to do
Good
Beast just go for it 😍😍😍 2 days using it no issue until now soooo good just owesome .
Everything is good but am facing microphone problem. My voice is fluctuating while calling.
Overall performance are very good But battery backup 1day Camera is mind-blowing.
Superb experience already i own 3 phones and the performance is superb
I don't notice any screen bleeding issues till now... Go for it steal at 14999
Like
Best phone in the budget.. plus the SD 845 processor.. luv it.
Nice performance except Back Camera
Good
Camera is good or better than real me and other mid range devices
Good but its next process new Mobile slim photo
Terrible purchase
A3 is now in market with same range
A very good all rounder phone for the price.
good
Overall good one. Touch is ok ok.
Best specification for this price🖤🥳🔥
For me Note 4 was good than poco
Good
Battery life enough Camera is super Fingerprint scanner good
Good
Amazing product from amazon one of the fastest mobile
You want to buy a budget gaming phone I will suggest to buy poco f1
The phone can run any game or app. Just flawless, and worthty.
I have received but  emi not as per said . Please check
Garbage phone
🔥best gaming phone on this price.
Yellowish mark on display...keep on increasing in size and number
Great phone
when i installed miui 11 after that my battery draining too fast
best value for money phone.better than redmi note 8 pro
Best phone must buy..👌👍
The product is very good. Specially for Pung..
Draing battery so quickly while multiple apps running
A great user experience with great features..
Easy to use . excellent quality. Delighted with the product
Best phone under rs 15000 No one can beat Mr. Poco F1
Camera is not good
It's storage 256gb interal memory
There are a few places where the phone hangs. And it is irritating
Value for money but price came very low
After 6 month uses my phone battery demage...
Excellent device awesome gaming phone...💖💖
There has a multitouch issue while play 4-5 fingers on pubg
Headphone jack is available or not in this mobile
The battery life.
This is the BEST phone below 15k. Fast & furious.
It's blazing fast, but the display is very bad
Very nice phone
Its just awesome
The best performer under 30 k flagship phones
toch qlity us not good but other feature
Better camera and faster.. i love it..
Very good mobile in cheapest price
Good
Good mobile
This is best phone in budget
Nice excellent ❤ poco f1
Value for money product
Best processing mobile at this price..
Value of money
Go good product gusy.grab it
like
Very nice phone in this price range
Best in this price.
Lagging issue while playing pubg
Baba ji 1st class bencho
Great product
You also send  Big Box Top model ?
Like 👍👍
When exchange offer will end?
I am not happy with this phone
It's good but not better
Drop the price after we buy
Overall great phone
Nice mobile
# thumba chanag ella
Its performance is killer.
Best mobile!!!! Value for money
Nice phone
They gave me defected item
Ok
Few bugs
Good Phone at Good Price
Don't buy this product
Great value for money
Good
Better in this price
Awesome phone at budget
Good phone
Camera quality is worst
Nice phone
Excellent
Battery is poor
Camera not working
VERY LIKE
Best
Good product
Nice
Good
Very good product
Awesome
Very good phone
Super
Poco
Like
soper
Good
Mst
5/5
Na
Best phone
Nice
Good
Good product
It's a Fake product. You can clearly see in the images, look at the logo in the image. Dont buy it.
mobile is very slow in functioning
There are too many good technical reviews out there. So this review is from a budget conscious user who wanted a powerful processor that can sustain for at least 2 years without any major slow down.  Picked this phone for 13.5k - 128 GB.  Pros which are ignored/not spoken often by others:  1. Ability to make the notch disappear and yet use the real estate space on either sides of the camera to show battery, signal and timings (Check photo) 2. Fairly slim phone though it houses a 4k mAh battery (but for those with small hands, this is still quite a large one) 3. Raise to wake combined with face unlock combination is the deadliest I've ever seen off any phones. Even in full darkness. 4. Unlike the Pixel whose camera is terrific, this camera captures bokeh with some wide angle ability which is terrific. The Pixel zooms a little and therefore, the portrait does not have much of the environment in which one is in. 5. While I like Pixel's camera and the overall outcome but when it comes to human faces, Poco does a better job in showing the face better without much skin smoothening 6. For someone who is just using the phone for communication and some bit of social media and no games, this phone easily lasts the whole day. 7. Camera mode has complete manual settings which even Pixel does not give 8. Fast charger bundled in  Pros, again from a average user point of view and not high end users who wanted NFC  1. Battery percentage does not show in the notification section unless you update the OS 2. If you update the OS, you lose the ability to hide the notch without bringing the whole screen lower (updated as of Dec 2019, with the latest OS update, this issue is taken care off.) 3. Body is fragile, heard many friends developing cracks in the phones easily, so good cover required, which projects to the front side, to safeguard the front glass also. Such guards are available for Rs. 500 /- 4. No wide angle camera, which of course is a new thing in 2019. 5. Feels slightly bulky if you are someone who prefer the 6" phones and the protective case, this is definitely bulky! 6. System updates about new software cannot be dismissed from the notification section, they will be there until the phone eventually dies or you update (kind of making you force update the OS) - Check 2nd photo 7. Biggest drawback, Whatsapp Business (second whatsapp account on the same phone does not give out sound based notifications). That's a disappointment and this happened after the latest OS Pie update.
I placed an order for 8gb/256gb Poco F1 Graphite Black (Armoured Edition)..and when the product arrived, the receipt showed 8gb/256gb as ordered. However, when I checked the phone specifications it was a 6gb ram phone.
Never ever think about buying this phone..in case u want to be mentally harassed then go ahead ..horrible touch issues..I ordered a phone and it has issues that I can't even properly use my phone so laggy, jittery, ghost touches, screen freeze , I ordered replacement and found same issues.. I will suggest you to buy newly launched phones instead of any older phone with issues just because of its cheap Price. I learnt a valuable lesson. And I can't stressed it out more NEVER EVER THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS PHONE
Coming to the phone it has excellent specifications - a beautiful 6.18" Full HD display, Snapdragon 845 chipset (2018 flagship processor), 6GB LPDDR4X RAM, 128GB UFS 2.1 storage, 4000 mAh battery, IR face unlock and excellent cameras. Rosso Red looks stunning! Excellent phone by Xiaomi and for the current price its more than value for money! Undoubtedly the best buy under 20k if you are ok with older design especially the big notch, rear fingerprint sensor and a plain back (unless you buy the armoured edition)!
 Update : Using Miui 11 i like the performance.  Value for money phone. Snapdragon 845 powerful processor. Pros: Lag free performance. Camera is awesome. Fast charging, good battery backup. Cons : Found some ghost touch issue when the screen is moist.  If you find this review helpful then hit the helpful button to motivate me for writing more reviews in future.
Poco F1 looks really good. Light weight but feels and looks premium. Screen quality is awesome. It definitely feels very fragile so make sure to get a solid back cover and a tempered glass for protection.  Battery life is amazing. I didn't charge it for 1 full day and it was still at 50%. It takes a short time to get charged using a fast charger.  Speakers are loud and sound good. Fingerprint scanner, face unlock is super fast. But unreliable. Sometimes it doesn't open up.  The volume rockers are in an odd position. If you are holding your phone its difficult to adjust volume and sometimes it gets pressed by mistake.  Auto brightness setting doesn't work intuitively. It can't figure out the best brightness for day to night so I have disabled it.  Camera quality is really pathetic. For this price, I really expect an excellent camera. But I was disappointed.  Photos are overly bright. They are too sharp and over focused. They don't look natural. And skin lightening, brightening, whitening, smoothening is done and we have no choice to change it. So selfies look yellowish and too photoshopped. I personally don't prefer this, I like natural looking selfies.  I downloaded an app called Adobe Light room. The pics taken by this app are very natural, look pretty amazing and are very detailed. The camera performance improved a lot with this app. If you like natural looking selfies with detail then download Adobe Lighthouse or try out any other 3rd party apps.  Phone sometimes becomes slow, which is actually surprising to me.  Overall, performance is good, value for money phone. I got it on the Amazon Festival sale for Rs. 18,000 and for this price I'm happy but if you want an amazing camera, then look for newer phones that offer better camera quality.  Poco fone F1 is a powerful, future proof smartphone and at this price it's an excellent choice.
Phonereally has lots of issues with no way to work around them aside from fundamental layoffs like build quality. Even after updating to latest version of software 10.3.8 I am facing serious problems as mentioned below:  1. There is a known multi touch issue with this device when you put 2 fingers and then introduce a third finger near the first two even after  moving away 3 touch points the third one remains intact means it is ghost touch.  2. Phone display is of cheap quality considering for how much this phone was sold originally when it was manufactured (Dec 2018) , when typing it gives serious lag because touch is faulty you will notice it if you try to type faster and this issue is even recognised by Alvin Tse on twitter but since it is hardware issue it can't be solvef through OS updates.  3. Battey Drainage. The phone battery drains very quickly for being a 4000 mAh, you can found this issue too mentioned and recognised many times in Miui forum. Still after all the updates no fix is there. It is annoying.  4. Bad speaker quality, speakers are not adequately loud to my liking.  Only 2 stars, one for camera and one for big screen.
Still best phone under this price range in terms of performance. Looks doesn't matters
Before buying , I tried to contact the seller multiple times to confirm the manufacturing date of the phone, seller never bothered to reply. Then amazon customer care(they don't care) assured me that in case I get an older manufactured unit, I will be allowed a refund. Unfortunately decided to trust him, and go ahead with the purchase(big mistake!)  Received the OLD stock (November 2018). In case anyone is wondering what is the problem with that is, POCO F1's old stock came with defective touchscreens with all sorts of problems like ghost touches, screen becoming unresponsive and not responding to touch etc.  All the return options on the amazon website were telling to call a number. Apparently, it was amazon's 'technical support'. They said that in my case refund is an absolute no no! I can only go for replacement which is not valid in my case!  So, basically I am stuck with this hunk of junk and amazon is like, "wasn't our fault!!"  How about, Mentioning the Manufacturing date on the product page!?? How about, not feeding wrong information to the customers before purchase? and this is the best customer care?  I would recommend everyone looking at this phone to avoid this like the plague!
Perfect device to get at this price... The best flagship performance in this price segment .... I am an old user of poco f1 and it didn't made me feel that i have got a bad one... Even once it didn't... I play heavy games and use it heavily throughout my whole day.. And still its battery manages .... To give a wonderful experience... Camera quality is also awesome..... All rounder at this price the killer.... Phone
In 2019 there were a lot of phones with great megapixels, it may at first appear that Poco is too old but 13 MP with gcam 6.2 or 7.1 will on par with them. Sure you can't get that level of details but in day to day life you won't even need them.  Value for money because of huge discount by Xiaomi (though you'll get a year old stock , maybe Xiaomi don't make new Poco anymore)
This is the worst phone I bought ever. Since the 1st day having problem to connect applications over wifi network. Sometime on mobile data too. Internet speed on this phone is very slow on same network or same wifi connection in another phone working properly but this phone has some issues of connectivity. Already visited MI customer care 3 or 4 times. They are just updating the software. All the time I have to take the data backup and load everything again. It's very long and irritating process. The quality of the product is very poor. I don't think that they have any quality control department. My suggestion please don't buy this kind of phone. It was my big mistake Rs 18k gone to the drain. This was my 1st MI product and very disappointed with the quality.
Recommend: The request to do not buy this phone because immediately drains the battery and long time taken to recharges battery. Its only display fast charge but its takes 1 hour & 55 minutes plus (almost 2 hours) fully charged. Also order this phone in 1-Oct-19 & its box manufacturing is Oct-18. Its means 1 year old mobile sending to customer.
Its still the Best mobile under 18k according to me as it's: ➡️ Back Camera Quality is just amazing, with Gcam it only increases manifolds. ➡️ Phone's light-weight considering 4000mAh Battery. ➡️ Front camera Quality with stock camera is just awesome it makes you forget that ugly notch. ➡️ Fingerprint & IR Blaster make Unlocking Blazingly fast. ➡️ Performance i don't need to say anything PUBG by default runs on High Settings & supports upto ULTRA settings. ➡️ Got 3 updates back2back on same day on new mobile. Currently on 10.3.7 ⤵️ Only problem I currently face is battery drainage, many users saying its in this update only & It will improve in next update.  Thanks amazon for providing 2 day delivery. Got it at 14k effectively in GIFS...
Yeah, there are bugs in software over here and there, for eg one of the basics thing in smart phone is to show notification with icon in the notification bar which most of the time doesn't work. Widevine L1 certification problem is now resolved. Camera performance and battery life is more than adequate. Although body is plastic, but it doesn't look cheap or fancy, it's good. Yes, I do expect a better build quality and they should use metal next time for better heat dissipation. Atleast I expect a metal frame at this price tag.
On of the best in class. It is excellent device, for everyday use specially for gaming, videos etc. Little heavy due to large battery size. It is fast charger 18w Sound quality is good Camera is same to other Mobile in class. Possibly need software update to improve on same. It has 3mm headphone jack Splash resistant ( I dropped in. Bucket still working good ) in has 854 SD approx 2.8 GZ All other are using 7th gen processor.
I took this phone after comparing with OnePlus7. Features wise both look similar on paper. However below are differences. 1. While it has Snap dragon 845 processor it lags and  becomes unresponsive at times. Most of the time it works fine. 2. Main camera quality is good. Selfie camera quality is average. 3. Since it's screensize is small don't assume this to be light weight. It feels heavier than expected.  OnePlus7 with bigger screen feels light as weight is evenly distributed and spread across with width. 4. Screen glass is outside the phone which adds to the thickness of the phone.  Overall a good phone for normal users with reasonable RAM. Don't ever compare this with OnePlus. If you plan to buy OnePlus stop looking at this and go for that.
Shifted from Samsung Galaxy S7 Got at ₹11.5 k after all the discount  What I Missed from S7 to this phone, screen quality, camera  Pros MIUI always Flagship processor Possibility of future updates Price Great developer community support  Cons Bleeding screen Low loud speaker Lots of bloatwares  Screen 3.5/5 Speed 5/5 Camera 3.5/5 Signal strength 4.5/5 Battery 4.5/5 Form factor 3.5/5
Everything about this phone will impress you if you buy one. But I got a year old stock and my personally suggest you to unlock your device and flash pixel experience ROM for butter smooth experience. I felt miui to be bit lagy.
This is just a beast in such a low price range. Will not talk much about specification; as a normal user below are the points worth metioning: Super fast user experience Good screen resolution Super battery. On my minimal usage it lasted 2 and half days. Camera decent enough for day to day photography. No heating problem. Fast fingerprint scanner and face unlock(works in dark as well). Dislikes: Sometime screen doesn't respond well. Notification not visible due to notch but you can get used to it. Screen gets scratches easily so use screen guard for sure.  Overall its worth buying in 2019 in this price range.
Everything is nice in this range. Camera is also good but the pictures that it takes are much more smooth than real which makes it something down. Overall hdr mode portrait mode everything is as expected. Gaming is also good in this device. Pubg cod etc types of game could run in smooth and extream. It support hdr with high frame rate but it heats your phone a lot and drains battery 2 times faster than normal. Battery is quite decent. Fast charging. I get my phone charged from 0 to 100 in just 1;30 hrs. So overall phone is nice and in this price range it's a beast. I got this phone for 10k during amazon sale.
I purchased this for gaming...and the points i have divided into pros n cons  PROs. 1.Price 2.Ram and storage 3.Performance 4.Battery 5.Face unlock 6.Display  Cons 1.Low light camera 2.Videography 3.Charging time(0-100% 2hrs 5min)which is slow compared to realme and oppo VOOC 4.Gorilla glass 3 (5 should have been great) 5.No AMOLED display( LCD is good but AMOLED should have been the best out there) 6.Some bugs here and there, Software is good but not best.
Our 2nd phone from Xiaomi, other one being Mi 6 pro. Seems they make poor quality devices and software. 1. Phone's network connectivity is poor, frequently presents as switched off for incoming calls.  2. Many bugs in the MiUI, not a good user experience as well. Issues like keypad typing without touching, missing launcher app tray, and many more.  3. They collect too much personal data, and show too many ads on phone.  Camera quality is average, battery life is fine.
Great value for money !! Gifted it to my father. Its fairly simple to understand and is very fast in day to day operation
Too much satisfied with the quality in this price.
Got armoured edition 8gb ram,256gb rom cheap....what more one could wish for....awesome phone
Happy with Phone so far. No issues. It could be better priced as it’s on a verge of discontinued. This is reported on forums. Plus other brands with similar specs are lower priced.
Op phone, first i got a defective phone which had my hopes down on poco i thought this is how all poco phones performed i tried  everything to get a refund instead of replacement but i could only get replacement after 2days i received  new phone that is yeasterday i The first thing i did was update the phone to the latest before anything else then i,changed my phone to 100 percentage now my phone is rocking a brand new miui11 with any sort of issue at all. So i recommend to do all the updates before u enter you personal details and change it to 100 Percent so that the battery may calibrate properly.
Excellent Mobile I ordered this mobile for my friend but iam using this mobile since last 10 months Games Camera Battery life Charging All are very good But design not upto the mark  Finally for 16k outstanding performance mobile If you want looks and design check out other mobiles
Wow what a phone heavy graphics inbuilt in this mobile game monster like bigger games awesome smooth and power long life you are a games lover go for it💪
I have purchased it in Sale.. It costed me Rs. 14000/- In this price range it is the best phone u can get.. Super Fast Performance.. Camera is great.. Battery life is excellent.. I totally recommend over all other phone in this price range..
If ur looking for tuff & gaming phone then go for pocco after 1 year of lauch also I prefervto purchase this device coz what feature it offers which no other phone is offering in that budget. Ruff& tuff
Overall the product is okay. But quick charger is not functional It takes around 1.5 or 2hrs for complete charge. Some times i am facing delay after software update
Great Phone at this price tag. Great deal by Amazon and Xiomi.  Thanks for both.  I recommend it to all who want a great product for a reasonable price.
What do you expect from 20K midrange. Actually it is budgetary flagship phone. Throw any app or game on it and it will give 110% of it.  Using Gcam and believe me. The SD 845 is so snappier that Gcam photos rendering  and image quality is at par. Go for it
Nice camera value for money. No hang still after buying for 20 days. I play pubg and call of duty. they must concetrate on android updates  then releasing new phones or miui updates No ads like other MI mobiles thanks for that in miui updates 🙏
Really nice mobile Snapdragon processor work really fine but one advice if you have good budget and have in money then go for k20 Pro because of its large screen and better look
The best value for money phone. You cant get a better processor than this at this price. You can check the whole market. Just go for it.
Phone is great no doubt but lacking in their on miui software...there should be stock android software. I am using third party launcher app because inbuilt view is not good and some other feature also not good in miui version.
This phone is at great after the price been downed to 16k officially with Cashback of 1k. Camera is superb with portrait mode and ram management is awesome nevertheless they should upgrade it with fast charging and Super amoled.
Awsome phone, no one can beat this phone at this price point (14999). Dual camera is good at age of quad camera. Photos are good and decent in decent light. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 has grownd breaking performance. Dilivery is on time, one day delivery in prime
Finger print quite fast, camera quality is superb, also battery life is also good.  I mainly bought this because of super 845SD with great camera & long battery life.
Over all the product is good & value for money as you will not get any other phone in this configuration @ such price....only lag found is when we play any  video & if we pause it in between then that video has to be restarted again
This is first time i.e Super mobile at this cost,845 proceser, after usage it is best one,I have used 1500 or more mobiles from starting wire less technology.
Everything is good but the tough is too sensitive that even it responds to the earphone wire.. camera is good and battery life too.. nothing more special features same as the MI phone but with higher specifications..if you need camera quality better to go with oppo f11..
You can easily feel the Power &  Performance of this Phone I don't want to elaborate just got for it ! Only demerit i have felt so far is its weight distribution !
Phone is good but little difficult to operate as compare to oppo my previous phone.
Very Nice product, but camera in Low Light or in night time, we can't expect quality pictures, in day Light excelent
Awesome phone with amazing features, very lucky to get the phone & Amazing Price through Amazon....
Excellent flagship , at low price  but only battery  backup and manufacturing date is 1.4 yrs old stock, so selling at less price
Brilliant value for money,
I am with this product.camera quality could be a better and battery good but not great.gaming experience is awsm.
Bought 8/256gb for 12k with exchange. Great value for your money. Only concern is manufacturing date is Oct 2018. Otherwise No problem in performance or battery life.
Good phone . used for a week. No lags , performance is good . will review later after heavy usage.  Posting a random click from this phone
Very good performance
A very nice and powerful phone to have instead of buying budget phones every year
Writing this review after 2 months of usage and i gotta say i am in love with this phone. It has everything covered and at such a low price.
I bought this for my son. Very good product for gaming.... Full value for money
Good phone within this price range  - good camera - good performance - overall good one
This Phone is Exllent. This is One Plus Level Phone. Only Go for it.
Bad product,Never waste your money on this.Heavy weight,slow,not good....
Overall a nice phone value for money good features.Battery can improve.
I got this just one month back.. Excellent..  .Value for money. Good ,fingerprint sensor,Camera Quality,and battery life so far good.
Very easy to use and attractive UI, POCO launcher is smooth
Not worth better go for Xiaomi or Samsung smartphones.
Great deal
I got this mobile for 10800 with exchange.. Awesome deal.. Thanx amazon. This mobile is just awesome.. Huge space and massive sd845..
A perfect fon,I like very much the performance of the fon .At the beginning there was screen bleeding, now no such problem.  Really a fantastic flag ship fon.Thanqu POCO.
Doesn't have the premium feel. Plastic body takes out everything else.
Sim singles very week display worest quality
Best in Budget. I bought two phones. One for me and another for my brother since our One Plus 3T can't run PUBG in extreme frame rate.
Very pathetic, got dead in few hours it got delivered. Very Very Disappointed. I might got refurbished phone too.
Very happy with the phone. The camer is better than the iPhone x
Entry level Flagship at this price! Expectations of performance reached to satisfaction.
Value for money at this price range.
A great phone, real value for money
Beast of a phone still challenges most of the smartphones today
Excellent and still great buy in Oct 2019
One of the best mobile on 13000 to 15000 budget
SD845 with liquid cooling!!!! What else?????
Ordered for my friend....good phone
Got a used phone delivered. Touch is also not good
 Mobile not properly work do not purchas this mobile 3rd class phone
Awesome Performance with the most powerful Procceser *snapdragon 845*...! &fantastic camera Believe me its still worth buying in 2020..!
One of the best and beast under 20K
It works good and worthful of money with many features
Screen touch is not fast as should be.... And also feel some lagg and app drop.
Very good product especially at this price point of 16K. Serves all needs.
Awesome prosesor .Buy it for prosesor not camera. Camera is average.
Great I cannot play pubg,
I love it. Best performance.A1
Battery good enough Camera even good enough in 2019 Performance good enough.  Charging speed slow.👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
Good performing well
Good mobile even after 1 yr.... Good battery life.. Cons: even mild touches disturbs the screen while watching videos
Absolutely nothing to complain
Best product in the market...
Good configuration for the price
Good product at a reasonable price.
Very good product
There is a slight touch delay. You wont feel it if you're a typical user. If you're a gamer then its gonna effect quite alot.
Best performance, best ram management and indeed superb camera , overall must buy product.
Lightning fast in speed but outer casing is poor
Very good product
Very nice mobile.performance is very excellent.worh to buy.
Excellent.
Amazing phone with nice display and great battery. The UI is also great,sound is also good with and also have 845 processor. Overall the best phone in this budget.
Really still an best budget phone on first quater of 2020.
Pretty nice apart from draining quick which is overcome by quick charge... Overall excellent phone at this price range... Loved it...
Extremely valuable
Best Phone at This Range
Great phone
Great VFM product.
Great product
best mobile in 15k range
Very nice overall. Camera quality is also good.
So so product
Overall good phone
Excellent phone
Good
Good
very good
Good
Beautiful
Overall good, but old features
Good for the price.
This game is best .
Believe me this phone is unbelievable 😎😎😎
Good one with this price range
It's a good phone. Even after one year of its release.
Camera quality is good. But I am not satisfied with battery life.
Good
Good
Good
Average camera, good overall performance, value for money phone.
Nice if 5g support
No battery life. No downloading, when display is off
2 days, everything seems to be working fine for now
Phone's camera quality is very good. Nice phone in this budget.
Bought the 8GB, 256GB version. Doing Video editing at ease.
Touch response is very slow. Display quality is average compared to redmi note 7 pro
Superb one
Wow such an amazing phone..i got from my baby
Good price
Nice phone well within budget with so many specifications tht a premium phone has.
Good product
one yr older phone is still far far better than any other new launched smartphone
Awesome Phone at very affordable cost.No screen bleeding,no bumps ,no issues period.
fingerprint reader, camera quality and battery life all are excellent
Excellent
Great Phone ,Work Smoothly.
Good
Best in its class
I like battery long lasting life. camera has fare quality.
Fingerprint reader is not working
It's a good mid-range phone.
Good mobile phone
Good value for money phone
In this price no one can give this specification and performance.
Best phone out there even in oct 2019
Good
Fantabulous piece of technology... Hats off Poco!
I like everything about this smartphone. Grayscale off whenever I off screen is only dislike. 9.5/10.
Budget friendly
Battery life and software could be a better
The Best phone i got till date
Best spec phone for this price.
I like the face unlock ...🙂 But i didn't liked the build quality 🙃
Best phone you can get in this price range
Nice phone.. good for gamers
Very nice
Nice product
if you want this device my suggestion k20 pro is better then poco f1
Good
The best mobile for this price range
Excellent
Good phone in This bugget
Beautiful Phone with price point.
Phone absolutely sucks.
Worth of money
Nice
Good
Everything is good
Buget gaming phone
Nice
Nice
Best mobile under 16999
Great Phone
Value for money phone
Nice product
Good product overall
Nice product
Good
Bought it last year from flipkart when it was launched just because it has 845 snapdragon chipset and since then I found no issues. Its better than any phone of any brand within 30k range and even above that in some cases. It's better to go for this device instead of going colorful low performing oppo vivo samsung devices. Here are my ratings for its features Camera 11 out of 10 Performance 11 out of 10 Battery backup 10 out of 10 Regular updates 10 out of 10 Build quality 8 out of 10. Just use good quality screen protector and back case then there will not be any issues. It fell from my hand for atleast 10 times in last 1 year and believe me there is not a single scratch or any kind of software/hardware issues I faced.  I ordered same phone for my friend after 3 months I bought it and he is also very happy with it.  Just remember one thing while purchasing any smart device that always give Processor more preference than RAM. Good processor with 4GB of RAM is much much better than low end processor with 12GB of RAM.
The Best of the best phone. The Beast is real. 845 processor. This is the foundation of the phone. No need to mention anything else. Those who are not much aware of electronics as a domain. Please understand, Processor is the machine that defines performance of the phone. Secondly, All components in the phone are compatible with each other in a best possible way. It reduces heating and heat loss. Improves efficiency to the great extent. This phone is so efficient, you can practically do heavy tasks and Work on this phone easily. Completely Happy... Worth the money. I purchased at high price, as it was just launched that time. Right now its so affordable.
17999 in mi store so why 1000 extra pay on Amazon??
Bought Armoured edition 8/256 GB approx a year and half back... excellent phone.... what else you want from a phone? Am fully satisfied and hope using it till it’s last breath.... good job Xiaomi...👍🏻
Very happy with the purchase and the battery lasts longer. Able to make decisions and square off my transactions in a jiffy.  The weight of the mobile is more..181 grammes. By holding it for a longer period in one hand, one gets shoulder pain.
Very good phone.. No heating issues .. Battery life is very good..face and finger unlock is very fast..
Great product end to end. Undoubtedly, a very good support by Amazon too
Not good policy
I haven't purchased the product.
Must buy
Excellent mobile,very fast.
Awesome performance in all segments.Beast at this range
Good product for this value.but main problem is display bleeding.display is not good
Best Mobile at this price Overall Amazon delivery The BEST
Very good mobile, under 30k on any mobile available to beat poco
Speaker sound is very low
Like
Still beast in 2020
Love poco
MI Phones worst service support accessories too highest price at the same time authorized service center doing duplicate spares spelling in Pondicherry, so please buy Samsung One plus, iPhone
Got it for my mom, she's loving it.
Good
Great phone my best buy yet👍
Best phone
heating issue are major of this phone and inspection service are not good from him he was very rude and did not any inspections by him and saying that talk to in company I can't help you about this phone. I want  to my refund.
Good product. Great camera. Great deal.
Value for money
Good to use
Fine
Excellent product
Good
Its the best phone under 20,000 rupees. Delivered in 1 day.
I brought this for ₹13399 for 6GB and 128GB ...I'm really happy with this product.Thank you Amazon.
Battery is getting weaker day by day and it cannot compete with hardcore multitasking
Absolute killer phone for gaming. Especially for PUBG lovers. Everything is great about this phone. Not found any negatives as of now. Camera, battery, finger print sensor, infrared camera all functions are great works like a charm.
Trusty i love it
It's the 3rd month so far I'm using & I must say it is living up to it's reputation outstandingly. After switching to MIUI 11 it has gone even further to the performance levels. All high end android games are running as smooth as butter. Fast launching of apps will make you buy another mi phone for your loved ones. Go for it, it's not 1 year old model , rather at least 2 years younger then other phones in this price range.
Awesome Product
Bettery performance is little bit disappointed for gaming
Nice work on it Camera is  nice Battery life is better than this budgut fons
A complete phone in low budget
Good phone
Its good
Wow awesome phone in 2019 Powerful
Awesome phone with prices
Mast product
Nice phone 👍 by xiaomi
Good To Use
Amazing phone. Thanks amazon
Ok
The Sim card slot of my mobile suddenly started showing some error,Sim 1 is showing Sim 2 slot and vice a versa,how to raise a complain about this?
Good product
Best for gaming,i am experiencing PUBG like never before, good battery life, it obviously gets heated if we play while charging.
Good features But battery life is not so good
Sound quality is poor rest is Ok
Camera quality is too good if I charge for 1.5 hrs it will come for 2 days only one drawback is net consumption for 1 day it takes more than 2 gb Over all phone is so great..many advertisement come to this phone this one point not satisfied and then always phone is good
Rear Camera is nat working properly
Everything Perfect
Good...
Value for money
Fabulous . Smooth touch . Feel premium.
Good
Fingerprint scanner works very well , and even the face unlock , unlocks the phone instantly , battery life is good , lasts for 1 day even when I play games or watch videos and camera quality is also good , back camera captures great pics , I believe best camera phone in this range.
Worth every penny, go for it without second thought, best in budget section..
Good
I think it should be a glass back
Best phone at 13600
Defective Phone 1. The mobile phone came with a crack on side panel. 2. When tried to call from the mobile, my voice was not audible at other side. Tried using headph but still the same result.
It's a great phone in 5000. Good battery life and greatest screen smooth and awesome. Camera is not that good but if it was higher the night mode would have been great help then guess that needs 13mp camera at least. But in other modes it's good
Awesome looking phone for this value. The back cover is quite glossy specially in black color which makes it very attractive. Decent camera and good speed. All in all, a great value for money.
Damaged inside at left down side.
Not bad
Worst mobile I ever had purchased. Network is the basic thing in any phone, but it's not working at all. Battery is too weak. I recieved this mobile on 6th Dec 2019. And today I requested Amazon for return, and replace with another brand, they are having so complicated process regarding this. Complete wastage.
After 2 months use will add review
Ok
Speaker not working
Unnecessarily heat Problem, Some times Network Problem, Charging issues, Pls don't Buy 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 And don't lose your Money, Total wastage....... One star also waste for this Mobile........
Its value for money.......lite weight....good look......its ok for this price rage..
 Worst product, I bought it on 1st MARCH'20 and it got dead since 12th of this very month,  and being its amazonfulfilled item I launched a complain at Amazon on 13th Mar'20, and on 16th of the same month it was to be taken returned. But the delivery boy refused to take it return as he was unable to match the IMEI NO. Now, who has the whole day to speak to their C care representative regarding it. Due to shortage of time we go for online shopping.... Worst experience from both MICROMAX and AMAZON
Good
Guys product is good for basic use. Came is not so good. But ok as per budget. Sleek light weight & compact design is attractive. Face unlock is ok.
Micromax iOne Notch os the best in this price and suitable to the buyers  who need Android phone in current android  9 pie version
Didn't expect it to be so cute and nice.  We thought it's cheap so the quality might be compromised.  No it's really awesome phone,  my daughter liked it.
Pathetic phone
V.good
What is good for value of money but its battery and performance should be more better.
Value for money with Android 9. Internal Mermory should be more and could have increase the price by 500 or 800.
Go for it
This is such a fastest mobile. I really like this mobile. With 2GB ram & 16GB Rom. I really love this product. Lovely...... You can purches for your help.
Nice
Not bad....I'm not sattisfied
Mobile is good in all aspects except in size.  Screen size is small (is it 5.45"?). This is great disappointment.
This is waste of money. If anyone want to buy any smart phone spend a little bit more and get a branded like Samsung or any other brand. I bought 2 of this for my mom and dad they are old school people. Even they don’t like it. Rest you will know if you buy it.
Phone got locked, unable to use the mobile  No signal showing..
Quite satisfied on Micromax inotch 4g mobile,price is in my budget & performance is  really awesome.
Good product in this price range
This phone when customised qith poco launcher and a nice wallpaper..looks so premium because of its curved edges..and glossy look..fits just perfect in hand..
Amazon services is very good.but Micromax mobile is not bed result. In coming voice not clear.
Weightless phone but good
Sorry I dislike the product size can change the item with another big (about 6.5 inch) one
Everything is excellent ausome phone but Battery is very bad.😔 On 1 full charge it lasts only 3-3.5 hours(if used continuously  And please add focus in rear camera
No finger print reader,poor camera quality,no face lock...you send old model to me..my bad luck.
Not good.i can use that phone about long time I am not get any problem about in got only battery issue another is good product.
Dear Sir/Madam This is to inform you that One week ago I busted a mobile mixcomax 1 notch the piece is not gud speaker is not working properly
Good product for aged persons not for youth  but looks smart 👍
Camera quality is good. But internet speed are slow this handset
Good quality phone with low price. Thanks to company and amazon and introduce More products like this for Retired person like me thank you
It doesn't work properly. I bought 2 numbers mobile same model.  And also Amazon taking to much of time to deliver the product.
Good product for this price range.
Best for the price, I don't retreat ! Amazing and gifted it to friends dad who is yet to learn how to use touch screen !
Good buy under 4000
Good
The phone arrived but the speaker never worked. Very Dodgy.  PLEASE AVOID PURCHASING THIS. return is also not happening
Very very well
Want to return the product because its not functioning properly. pannel is Heating up and voice is not audible
Very useful for beginners. 👏👏👏
good product
Good
product I like thank you Amazon and thanks Micromax
Defected and damaged mobile. Kindly arrange for replacement
Camera quality needs improvement, otherwise phone is good.
Thik
Phone quality Is so good. Screen touch is also good. I am very happy to buy this😊😁
Good
Battery back and camera is very poor
Budget phone. Good phone.
Nice
Display is very small. Its very loose to keep in my shatty.
Totally wastage of money not working as 4 g
No fingerprint reader but only Face ID scanner
Notch display Latest Android Enough storage
just for second phone
The product features according to price are good and fine.
Overall a good low budget phone for daily use with good features
The phone is very slow and the camera quality is pathetic
Camra is normal quality..uthar function is ok
Good product camera  good mobile is also good for use
good
Best in this price range
Not good product
Want to exchange this , its third class product
So so, not really good!
It is very wothful for money
Nice phone .
Good
Good
Mobile is not good. It doesn't work proper
For 3870 its unbelievable phone best phone
It's the best phone under 4000
very good product. value for money
Good phone for secondary use only.
It's nice stopped working
Best phone in low buzet.
Not as expected or as described
Built quality is good must buy
Average 3 star
Charger missing... not in box
we'll
Worst  quality
Camera is primitive.
Data  receiver is not  poor
Super mobile in best price
Ok
Good
Good product 👍👌
Camara quality not good
Value for money
Overall good
Good product
So far good.
Third class product
god
Total budget phone
Good in law budget
Nice smart phone
Very nice mobile
Value for money.
Value for money
Value for money
Good product
Like
Worst phone
Exellent
Good hai
Dameg
Super
Good
Good
about MICROMAX I-ONE PHONE_ d supposed technician never turned out. 1st 1 switched off. 2nd 1 said he resigned. Some1 @these outsidely sourced or may b even an insider in league with dm for this is happening to almost everyone @QDIGI r tarnishing d Amazon's image. & just eating into d co.s turnover.  Edit on dt. 29.02.2020: IMPORTANT:  d person on d Amazon's tech team got d screenshots for d IMEI no. of d device mailed, d way he asked to. Said only after dt he cud b able to proceed with the exchange thing, which he certainly did. HE SAID THE SCREENSHOTS of d IMEI I'd given him r SUFFICE TO MOVE FORWARD.  @d time of replacement, d del agent said he'd ascertain d IMEI no. Said d 1 with dm{dt is provided by me to d tech.} didn't happen to tally with d same n presently shown on d phone. #*?$*🤐😖🤔!? Which reason dy said dy cancelled d replacement.  d del. agent shroudedly wudn't say a bit abt. d shud b IMEI no. Nor d 1s @every other desk on d great Amazon. And they returned it.... OR GOT IT RETURNED!?!  I saw dm to b trying to dissuade me to pursue further. I didn't deter. After a lot of trying, dy lift but cuts short. Else listens, but only to rope me in into their line of TWISTING.  NOW, WHO'S d...  Edit on dt. 02.03.2020: VERY IMPORTANT:  Amazon allots d date for a pickup for d refund, IMEI doesn't match hence gets cancelled for a refund on a daily basis. So, d phone is not even d refurbished but a replaced 1 even with  box. WHERE? By WHOM??  Now, mailed d seller. Rather very attentive, more frndly dn d Amazonians @least up to this issue, knowledgeable so as to try ❓went ❌ n if possible to make it right ✔️. He provided me my shud b IMEI and also mentioned dt d present phone with it's IMEI was sold by himself to another retailer off ds platform. So, how did I get ds?  NOW, WHO'S d...  Edit on dt. 03.03.2020: VERY VERY IMPORTANT:  The pickup person comes daily, acts as if he's calling his counterpart on d desk. S, it clearly meant to b acting. & he screen-shoots my proceeds as much as possible to provide thru not by mail as it's used to b with Amazon but by WHAT'SAPP? He stopped taking d IMEI, calling d c'care. But goes on talking n on private phone number. {He even used to call me from d same pvt. No.? when d occasion demands?}  The desk daily says they r sending a series of reminders to d courier desk to look into d possibility t enable d pickup inspite of d non-matching of d IMEI. The later sent a sticker type paper with d 'Scan thing' on it. The pickup wud continue to reject to say it too had been not working. He wudn't show me like d same as with dt of d IMEI No. saying rules doesn't permit to show d rejection. He continues to WhatsApp on his private no.  This time, so as not to b turned away didn't give him d phone and instead called d C'c. He heard their assurances n d teams pursuing this issue.  Totally shaken and afraid, he called his person in league on d other side. NO IMEI test. NO SCANNING test. All of a sudden, it got okayed??? May b d God knows, how? He processed d pickup and d day-after I got my payment refunded, say my mails n all. Well, I'd to go check it.  Now, did these fellas try to take d advantage? Did they think dt @ my being dissuaded by dm like this wud make me uninterested to pursue further? & day cud go with their altered/ original phone of mine which shud hv been mine? Now, will day replace d original so as to send it back? Or still dare to send d morphed 1 ?  NOW,, r THESE d.... SO, WHO'S d...
Value for money... you can’t get all these smart and advanced features with a Made in India trust Brand elsewhere.
Very bad quality phone. Battery got damaged in 4 months. No support from service centre. Will never by micromax products.
Good price normal use good mobile
Best mobile love it
Best piece at this price. It's almost one year for me using this phone. Not a single problem detected till now.
Looks awesome. Touch is very good. Performance is fine
Grow up guys. This is the worst phone you can buy. Spend few more bucks and go for another brand.
I think  micromax company shut down already.....
Not good
Lyk
Nice in this range
Worst product
Good product
Good
My requirements were- Non chinese (desh bhakti), small screen (for comfort hold & pocket friendly), notch display(new craze) and front flash (for wattsapp video chat in bed without needing to switch on lights) and below 7000 (i vent my anger on fones at least twice a year).  The big disappointment  was that it didnt have front flash, which i presumed it had, due to the fotos on amazon. Strangely, even the manual says it has front flash, but on selfie mode, screen flash works only. THat was one of the most important factor for me.  But since hardly any notch phones have flash and they are selling well, i blv it is not an important factor for most people. Secondly the camera although takes good fotos, doesnt have manual focus, which i blv is norm nowadays. Very nice phone and size is very suitable for hand hold and back pocket comfort. Display is good and so is the battery life. Doesnt get warm and notch looks exciting at least to me.  It is a great fone for 5000, made in india by indian company so my money remains in India and can be used for further development in India. That further explains my mindset while buying a Nano and recently an XUV500.
Excellent in every aspects and sometimes lacking in text photography.
The opposite of the model is not available
Very good product
good
Super vivo v17
I'm a very generic user mainly using the phone for calling, clicking pics, watch movies and some apps like whatsapp, Twitter, travel booking and mails and meetings. Received the phone today and the first impression is that the phone feels light for its size, display is awesome, receptive and very smooth. Camera clicks some really good pictures and when clicked in 48MP mode, the clarity sustains even after zooming in. The charging is also pretty fast. I hope the battery life is also good. Overall, it seems a superb phone at this price point.
Camera average performance only night mode camera not satisfied very dark pictures it's taking..I didn't expect this fr Vivo.Battery display excellent.camera not good..Worst night mode camera.other things sounds good..
Wow... As expected main camera is awesome... it's a camera centric phone so don't go for the processor it's actually runs well with Snapdragon 675 with 8GB RAM and I swear display, camera, and battery is awesome...even having 4500mah battery it's very light weight.... Over all it's perfect phone for me...Go for it if you're looking for a phone with good camera, display and battery... U'll not regret... Happy customer... Thanks to Amazon for quick delivery...
good  best product
Very bad.please don't buy any one there is no return policy.. hurting from vivo..
This Product is very good in all aspects, but the price is little higher as the processor relatively old.  Camera Quality is good Battery Life is good Sound Quality is normal. Processor relatively old Since  the Processor relatively old, the Price would have kept between 17K to 19K.
Sexy model..... About device...  display was steals my heart CAMERA WAS MOST HIGHLIGHT OF THE PIECE It's about light weight mobile.... Performance was can't say jzt we have 2 feel it....  Vivo V17
This product is waste it's better to go for mi or oppo or Samsung any other brand, I have used almost all brands but vivo is the worst one, it will take time to load anything you can sense it like it's lagging for example,when you open browser then it starts lagging to load the page and if you open anyone's dp in WhatsApp there also you can sense it and most important one if we are on call then you will get ear pains and headache, and I called for Amazon guys they are very worst, when I kept for replacement then they are telling these are common thing in this brand, what ever the issue if you tell them they will tell simply it's common in this brand.. the one thing little bit good is cam nothing else even it's 8gb ram it works like 2 GB ram worst phone ever I used and worst guys from Amazon, try to take it from Flipkart
First look and I can't get eyes of the phone.. I don't know how many hours continuous I'm gonna play with this beauty and masterpiece I got many suggestion not to buy this but I thought to take a risk and it worth it amazing sleek and punchy colors...
Huge expectation from Vivo. But all in vain  The device had board issue and customer care tried to cheat me by asking to pay refundable deposit for board replacement, although under warranty.  The device had serious flaws and 2 software updates couldn't rectify them.  Vivo customer care asked me to take the device to service center.  Nowadays service centres are run by gangs and they demand money in pretext of refundable deposit and then once the repair is complete, they deny to pay it.  If you start a fight, in no time you will be removed from store. There are people ready to trash you up in nearby stores.  Huge problem in India, as gadgets are becoming more and more common, people are looted by thugs in various ways.
I have been using this phone for past 2 months. Phone is superb. Some buyers think that it it is overpriced but it has camera features like of professional ones. It has features which we mostly don't get in smartphones of this price or a little below. Camera quality is awesome.Night mode is the main and the best feature of this phone. If you are thinking to buy it , Just buy it.
Super mobile excellent it was looking very beautiful I loved it super feature camera was amazing 👌 all of u can buy and price as low thanks to vivo launched a great phone
Although the product was good It was having a problem Whenever the phone was kept idle for sometime approximately 15 mins Jio sim was becoming unreachable . However after slightest of motion sensing call was getting connected. And the problem remained even after swapping the vodafone and jio sim The problem seemed to be only with jio sim and not any other sim. The same jio sim when inserted in samsung galaxy s8 plus was working absolutely fine.
This is a very nice phone. I was using Vivo V9. Some of the nice feature's of V9 is not in V17. I had expected that those feature's would also be available in V17.  On V9 when one is changing the icon pages, the page moves like "a book page moves" which look very nice but it is not in V17.
Worth of every single penny I spent on this phone.I was gonna take another phone of another brand but then my girlfriend suggested me to take this phone and trust me this is the best phone even better than any other branded phones
A major disadvantage in the phone is that you can't delete the sms one time caused don't tap and select multiple sms , if you want to delete multiple sms at one time it's a sad information that you can't despite it's a vey common feature in all phones even the key pad phone too.  Camera quality is not expected as i thought before it's purchase.  Other features are good but not the cost of such expensive phone.
I have been using this smartphone from the exact date on which it has been launched, i.e, on Dec 17, 2019. Camera: Vivo started its campaign to sell this phone stating that its camera can click pictures "As clear as real". Extremely disheartened from time to time from the past 02 and a half months of using it. The camera quality is worst, literally worst. I was using Sony Xperia XA Ultra Dual smartphone before this disaster came into my hand. Truly speaking, if I am going to compare the pictures, depth sensing technology, detailed visions of the pictures captured from Vivo V17, it is marked as in negative. Its so called 48 MP mode pictures started blurring when I used to zoom it. Its night mode camera is just okay. Worst in case of camera quality. It might be due to the case that I used Sony in my past. It is my urge request to everyone to please have some premium smartphone from OnePlus, or, Samsung, if you have camera in your priority bucket.  Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 675 AIE octa-core at 22k budget is a moderate option. But after using from the past 02 months, it is not at all a Pubg standard game.  In-Display Fingerprint Scanning Vivo launched this phone stating that it is Next Level In-Display Fingerprint Scanning, but truly speaking, it is not that wow. We need to deeply press the finger in order to open it.  One thing to tell is that it is not at all a good option at 20k.  Worst VIVO.
Fabulous phone
Awesome  product  no more words but.  All things are. Best In gaming, in camera, in music, in look I loved it. Guys I think u should go with V 17 In 23 k Range. Tnx vivo for this 😍  Anil Sharma  ( 9265051940)
I have bought this phone after looking at many other models. But, with a gut feeling. Honestly, I am impressed with the body, earphones and performance. Glass should have been a gorilla one but over and above with first few days usage it's Impressive.
Hello everyone i write my review after use of this phone for one week everything on this phone are perfect like camer, battery, display,sound quality,ram&rom and also the classic 👌look. One suggestion to manufacture plz give a STOCK ANDROID. And also thanks to Amazon for fast delivery.
Overall nice but a bit pricey as the processor is not so capable, hence not a super fast one.
Overall fantastic product.. Better the samsung s10/ note light Value for money Best ph in this price tag. I have installed approximately 100 apps no hanging problem. Using since 3 months. Battery back up is 2 days for a moderate user. Simply awesome phone
stylish and simple handy affordable
Camera quality is good ,fingerprint reader is excellent , littel bit problm with face recoganizatio, it's recognizing to far from your face it should be closer to face.
I received this mobile on March 5th I have been facing a lot of problems with mobile since I took it ,Within the return validity, I placed a mobile cancellation order But my cancellation order was not accepted I called Customer Care My mobile is heating up network problem is not catching the range properly ,Also the person in the front does not have a voice , Network is not running fast. I think this mobile has been refurbished....
Camera quality is awesome .The image looks like one taken using SLR camera!I compared the image with realme x2 64mp camera.Vivo is much better.I printed photo taken using vivo .. Details are much better.!This is why vivo kept the price higher!go for it ...
When we charging getting mobile heat, camera quality front v v poor looks like normal there is no contrast effect , I was using v5 plus mobile. V5 camera is v good front n back compare to v17. Plase take back v17 or replace it . I don't like v17 front camera.
camera outstanding looks like professional cameras whether day or night doesn't make any difference,looks keep you away from those typical 3 aligned cameras phone ,in display touch works like magic what's more picture quality buy it to believe it don;t describe imagine amloid screen. Best purchase thanks to bajaj finserv card.
Not satisfied with the products Both mobile got hand, Fingerprint is not working.. Worst experience
Camera quality and phone performance according to the price not matching, According to this phone price too much.
I got delivery Next Day, being the Prime Member. The Phone is good. Battery back up, Camera Quality, Sound, Display all is very Good. I am Happy..
Battery is not good , even it can last for 3 hours on a video call. very disappointed after purchasing
Very nice mobile.
In this phone camera clarity is tremendous fantastic ....
This phone is not worth buying as it is too costly and not that good as other brands . ads from vivo is too irritating that I will never buy vivo again.  Screen is also not that big like one plus screen.
It good in camera only Its price not sutable Its actual price is 17000 only
I am dislike this product very bad experience for mobile only 15 days used and display damage and vivo service is very bad display no warranty and display changing 6300 rupees pay vivo care very bad service and very bad mobile please don't buy this mobile no service
My friend says mobile is very good. Camera quality is very better other androids mobiles. Mobile body and quality is good.
FmUsing the set for last one month., star 3 because battery back up is poor. Unable to uninstall  programmes installed by user. Wifi connectivity and mobile signal reception very poor comparing to other set. Camera good. Can be more user friendly.
Camera are very low range 48 megapixel camera not approved....
Awesome
Camera setting is not easy to use.
Battery is not up to the level. Camera is also not as expected Front camera is good Phone body is also not handy..
Superb phone value for money
Awesome product and also a very good service by amazon. delivery service is very good of amazon. It reached before the given delivery by amazon. Thanks amazon. I purchase many products via amazon.
I am really happy with the phone look and picture clearity. Photos are crystal clear. Night picture are the best quality. previously i used i phone 7, this is much better.
Complete Mobile Design, Durability, Dammm Kool.
Quality and money problem
Battery back up is not good, please don't buy this product, compare to this product my old mi note 6 battery back up is good. No value for what you spent for this product, battery drains soon...
Excellent mobilr
Battery drains quickly.. renders slow data speed Everytime.. camera is capable of clicking average photos.. overall average performance by this phone during last two months...
Good
Awesome.
Value for money, feels awesome
Very good product
Value for money.
Camera n battery life are very good
The Vivo V17 worst mobile just 30s rain mobile completely dead.after i went to service center they says the service cost  22,990.00. just 18 days back i purchased.
Excellent phone..never used any phone except samsung so was confused whether to use this or no..but guys it an awesome phone n v user friendly.
Front camera- not good (Pixel broken) Rear camera- good quality
All is well
Excellent in all aspects
awesome mobile and better camera quality for me its a good product..
Super phone camera quality is good super mobile
Xcellent
Rec today. Very good looks.
Camera quality is not good..... Doesn't capture good pics on zoom. Pics blows up on zoom.... Didn't expect from vivo on this range
Everything's fine. But battery back up is little less than what i expected.
Price
Superb phone Just a tad expensive considering the processor.
👌👌👌
Good one
Nice one but when you hold this phone u never feel it is a premium one due plastic polycarbonate body vivo should do something ...
Amaging।
Camera quality is better than best Price reng so good Sound quality is avrege
Mobile is nice but for charging it's take more time
The best smart phone in the series
Loved the dot camera
Even its storage is more but still max settings to a game lag but medium run smoothly and better that any other phone.
Camera and fingerprint reader and battery life is awesome
I also like very good 👌👌
It's an osm cell.
Value for money product Using since 2 months and have no complaint Camera quality is really good
Its camera and battery backup was good.
Superb product for this value from vivo
It's a good phone in each and every aspect but the price is too high for such phone it may be around 19k.
Good product but over priced and display is nice in this phone and camera also decent
Best phone in this segment..or little higher segment..
Amazing product i love vivo
Not bad
Amazing
It's really good product
Nice phone
camera quality during slow motion vedio shooting fluctuates a lot...except this a good phone overall.
GOOD
I have no words. Vivo superb mobile phones company. And v17 One of the most attractive phone. 😊😊😊
Sound is bit low and wide angle photo is not that great Front camera and back camera is awesome
Camera quality is just great
Very nice
Night mode in not good
Average phone
Not good for gaming as it has very much heating problem. Sometimes the game automatically switchs off.
The camera was very Good.. super quality cam and the sound quality is very good high volume..
All in one
Good mobile phone
Nice phone
Not a good option
Exllent product
Its out look very good
superb
It is good phone. Worth for Money.
Enough internal memory. Good camera. Long battery life.
Very nice phone
Good
Best camera
To hgfg
Not wortg for money..we can get better phone in this cost.
Value to the money, great design and looks elegant
Camera Fan ? Go for it
Excellent product and thanks Amazon for excellent service
There's not as much clarity as Samsung's super amoled screen. And the battery life is low
Excellent quality product. Value for money
I love vivo Brands iam so happy yhis mobile camera superb batry superb
Great
When phone was new camera clearity is good but after some days quality of pic get down
Best phone. I love vivo mobile
I find it true value of item. Camera features are excellent. Thanx *Amazon*
Battery life is very good. Very smooth phone and value of money 👍
Nice phone. Just go for it.
NYC
Not bad
Nice handset
Good product
 Like this product I am Happy
Outstanding
Awesome battery backup but night camera not properly work back camera is good
Money waste too costely
Phone design camera and specially sound quality is very good
Prise should be below 20000/-, according it's specifications
Increase front camera quality
Other features also good even priority for camera. But price is little high
Quality is worst.. not worth for that price.. camera quality is good though
Awesome Mobile
Love it
Aavreg
Completely value for money
Great
Today's best feb20
Happy to use this
Good product vivo
Amazing experience with VI7.Tqsm for launching this. VIVO Team
Really this product not good Poor quality
Very nice looks, camera is beast, nice working
I like good performance
Awesome mobile. And fast delivery by Amazon. Thankyou amazon
Phone is good not best at this price
Gr8 Phone, gr8 features and value for money
Night vision camera is bad....blur images
Superb cellphone no doubt
Good and light weight smartphone
Good phone
Superb phone it has awesome camera thanks Amazon and Vivo India
Vivo product is very successful
Excellent
satiefied
battery charging speed,smoothness of phone fingerprint sensor.
Asm mind blowing camera and battery pofarmens
Ok fine
Nice one
It is a very good smartphone
Great night selfie camera..
Nice product
I love the phone and it's been 3months started using thus.
Nice
Good
can change this fone coz the sound quality is not good...
Nice product...camera quality is gud... value for money!!
Awesome.
One of the best cell phone in this range awesome *****
Value for money
No comments as of now.  No grevience.
All together a good mobile as per price best in range
Nice product
Good Product
Superb phone
Good
This mobile is touch working prolbam And heng
Price bit high but product is good
Very nice phone I loved it
Very nice
Good . Samoled with punch hole .. great
I liked this camera as well performance
Camera quality and Royal looking phone
💰 lost
Awesome phone
camera quality super and super sound quality
Amazing phone..feels like premium smartphone
Good product
Best photografy phone awesome looks
Awesome phone!!! Value for money!!!
Super camera Mobile vivo v17 love u
Good
Best
Nice mobile
Nice look,Camera and Sound Quality
Super Nice Phone. Battery backup is super.
Good phone
Great features with perfect price
Gud phone. Worth buying.
Fingerprint reader is very good
Good phone.... super camera....
Superb... Just wanted go for it
I like it nice phone, nice camera,.....
Value for money
Amazing
Awesome battery life and user-friendly
It's awesome product & veluablae money
Very nice good quality
This phone is amazing.
Battery backup good..
Excellent product from amazon
Amazing product Thank you Amazon
It's good one
Great
Good product and nice paking
Nice
Received unsealed unwrapped product
Worst phone
Mobile good but price is very high
Worst phone price is Very High but
Nice phone
Low mode sound no
Finger scanner not work properly
Finger print problem help me ...
All are awsme ...love this phone
It is very easy and nice
Good product in valuable price.
Nothing to dislike yet.........
Sound system n hearing problems
Finger sensors Not fast
Value for money product
Good ,but slow motion not good
front camera very poor
Every thing is awesome
Very smoothly handling
Costly product
Awesome mobile
Very beautiful
The phone is good but price is too high
Camra is good
Super
Super
Amazing 🤤 worth Buying ❤️❤️
It's perfect flagship phone.
good mobile and good service
Better as i expected
Mobile heavy  heated
Good product
Best pecking
Good
Like
Nice
Nice
Good
Good product 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Worst phone by vivo
Mast but very large
Good camera
Good camera
Gadar gazab
OK now good
Money velld
Camera quality is not good
Sound quality is not good.
One word "Awesome"
Ok
Very good phone
Osm product Sabhi kharide
Nice phone 👍 gud looking
Excellent
Awesome mobile I love it
Please reduce some price
Good phone happy with it
Awesome mobile from vivo
Awesome in looks
Not bed Product.
Very nice mobile
Super faster smarter 😎
Value for money
Amazing quality
average
Normal quality
Some technical problem
Amazing this vivo v17
Everything is awesome
Very nice pro........
Photo quality is good
good  product
Great
Happy
Very good experience
Mind blowing product
Nice product
It's awesome
Good product
Good
Avon product change
Hang hang hang hang
Overall gud
Best design
Bad mobile company
Very good product.
Better very poor..
Woh it's faboulous
Nice phone
Nice Phone
Ok
Ok
Supar supar supar
Osm phone
Very nice
Very good
It's look premium
Good I like this
Nice good sarvis
Was good
Worth for money
Good product...
Very nice phone
Hanging
NAIC Mobil fon
Everything is good
Nice products
Slow proseser
Great
Super
Loved this phone
Rongh divuce
Kool product
Nice product
Ok very nice
Nice product
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Nice mobile
Its awesome
great phone
Good mobile
Cooolllllll
Osm product
Nice mobile
Nice mobile
Good.mobile
Sup
Nice phone
Nice phone
Money vest
Best phone
Good phone
Good phone
Ok
Very good
Very nice
Excellent
Very good
It's good
Very good
Very nice
Good pic
Ati utam
Amazing
Superb
I like
Please
Ek no.
Superb mobile
Soper
Goods
Goood
Good.
Super
So so
Rg bc
Like
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Nice
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
Nise
Good
Good
nice
Hang
Good
Ok
Ok
NA
Nice phone
Very nice phone and nice looking
For these features it's a overprice phone.
Not expected from vivo, low power processor and plastic build quality and no Android 10 ? Realme X2 much better in low price. Returning.... Disappointed with sound quality and software.
This phone is awesome...You r very lucky to buy this ...it is helpful in setting ❤️...ur girlfriend would like this and impressed.
Nice phone I like it
Nice
Honest review after buying it.. The battery dint even lasted for 2 hours... Its draining a percent  per minute just watching video on YouTube.😔😔😔 The phone also don't seem to be premium at all,side buttons are loose Can't able to think that it is a flagship phone of vivo.  Only good thing I have noticed is camera quality is good. Requested for replacement ...
Average phone.  Its not value for money.  Camera is very very poor. Night mode taking seconds to take  photo but clarity is very low.  Normal camera.  I am getting better images with my realme which had half price only.  Finger sensor on the front screen is very difficult when using with one hand.  Light weight.  Display is average.  Selfie image quality is very poor.  No notch display. The free cover in the pack is useless due to  Buldged camera portion. Considering this high price the productvis waste only.
Nice phone look better and smoothly working betary backup almost 1.5 day no require charcher of hole day thank you VIVO.
Bed mobail bettri performs weary bed 4 5 hors only
After Approx 3 Weeks Of Use Here Is My Review  1.) Cost:- Pricey For Snapdragon 675 AIE Chipset, Vivo Should Start Using 7 Series Chipset Atleast.  2.) Performance :- Good For Snapdragon 675 Chipset But Let Me Inform Im Not A Gamer.  3.) Battery :- a.) Mild User - 1.5 Days Of Battery b.) Moderate User (Like Me) - 1 Full Day.  4.) Screen :- Good ... But Struggles In Sunlight Sometimes  5.) Touch & Fingerprint :- Smooth As Hell  6.) Rear Camera :- a.) Normal Potrait Shots Are Decent b.) Bokeh Mode - Good. c.) 48 MP Mode - Aceeptable d.) Macro Mode - Sorry No Yet Used. e.) Wide Angle - Sorry Not Yet Used. f.) Night Mode - Ok In Dark Places, But Places With Some Light ... Takes Nice Pics.  Video:- Normal - Acceptable Slow Motion - Terrible Clearity ... A Big No-No. (1 Star Deducted For The Same) (Will Require Update For This For SURE)  7.) Front Camera :- a.) 32 MP Normal & Bokeh Effect Are Good. b.) Night Its Good ... If Theres Little Help With Light - Better Shots.  8.) O.S. :- Good ... But There Are Unwanted Apps Which Cant Be Removed. (Update Required For That).
Don't trust Vivo......  They are having a different marketing strategy, they will give a very delicate display which you usually go within 3 months.... Which they will not cover under warranty, they will tell display damaged but mobile will have protective case everything, not even small physical damage also.....but inside display will damage because of there poor quality ...... The cost is more than 6000 rs. Depend on there model...... Even if you buy around 25-30k you will actually spend nearly 50k on this phone......... I change 3 times now, first time I thought may be some unknown damage again after 2 months it is gone again I changed, this time after 1month itself.... Gone again without any physical damage.... all these time I changed in Vivo authorized service centers only... Now I stopped to change....  I moved to different mobile ........  I enquired with friends also who bought Vivo same... Problem no one is raised the issue.....  I want to get this to public notice, so no one will fool like me.....  Think twice before purchasing Vivo mobiles.......
Yes, it is delivered on mobile time. And mobile is also very good. Very good to me So I'm putting five stars. Amazing mobile with excellent camera and decent battery backup.. Stylish look is another quality..Complete value for money.colour super mobile for performance super vivo v17
THIS IS A GREAT DEVICE OF VIVO. COST OF DEVICE I ALSO VERY LESS. IT'S CAMERA QUALITY IS GOOD BUT NOT BEST. DISPLAY IS ALSO OK. FINGERPRINT SPEED IS ALSO GOOD. REST OF THE THINGS OF THIS DEVICE IS OK -OK.
FIRST OF ALL THIS CAM IS AWESOME. THIS CAM IS PERFECT SUITABLE FOR THIS TAG LINE AS CLEAR AS REAL. DISPLAY WISE SUPERB BECAUSE OF SUPER AMOLED DISPLAY. BATTERY BACK UP ALSO SUPERB. I AM USING FROM LAST 2 MONTHS ON WARDS, DAILY MOBILE CONNECTED WITH WI FI WATS APP FACEBOOK VIDEOS. BUT STILL MOBILE CHARGING 45%. BATTERY WILL COME 1.5 DAYS EASILY.  CHARGING ALSO DUAL ENGINE FAST CHARGING WILL CHARGE 50 MIN.  MY SUGGESTION  GO FOR IT.
Awesome phone
My wife wanted a good camera phone.. She's happy with this phone
Nice product at this price range. Good camera quality. I managed to buy it below 19000 after cash back nd card offers without any exchange scheme. Supppppr fone.
Gud vivo India love India super se b upr pubg gaming experience very smooth no legging and healting issue battery backup is almost not to much super but satisfied continue pubg gaming experience battery time 100 to 0 5 hours and normal used battery time 10 to 12 hrs fully satisfied
If you know how to use camera. This phone clicks amazing photos. Display is beautiful. Buy a good cover and people will come back to see which phone is this.
 i bought v17 yesterday i happy because 1st blue clour mobile buyer in india (launched blue colour after one hour i buyed the blue colour mobile in india)
Vivo V17 Good phone 👍 Display good Battery is good Camera is Good
8GB Ram with SD675 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This phone is superb camera quality good and battery backup is awesome
Nice Product
Awesome product from vivo...every one says the sd 675 is low for this price bracket but i think it is more than capable of doing all thr wonders a powerful mobile can get...
The mobile is awesome 👍👍👍 value of 💰, it looks good and light weight...I given 5 star that product
Not good Bad camera
Fast battery drain problem with vivo v17 device, display is good and sound quality and level is moderate better camera clearity
Awesome product
Worst performance of camera it's not 48mp it's just 8mp.it's my genuine experience.
Value for money. Super fast process. Good mobile. Very fast charging. But I purchase direct show room shop
Good
Superb phone
This mobole is so heet charing and calling pls retran vivio mobile v17 and other new mobile pls
Very good phone
Very much overpriced phone without gorilla glass back and front. Zero value for money
Very good camera clarity and when I play pubg no lag I can play very nicely
Good
Best Phone
You don't send me temperd I m not satisfied
Best
The camera quality n battery life is best
Superb
Stylist and good performance phone..All in one
Supper phone
The phone just awesome 👌👍👍👍👌👍
Camera quality is amazing. Value for money.
Good
Nice phone and performance is too gud...
Good phone slightly over price
Camera and processor are good
Just awesome meet whole expectations.
Worth buying the phone 5star
Nice
My mobile vivo v17 super mobile ..
Superb
It's a worth buying phone...
THIS PHONE IS GOOD NICE ONE
Best phone
Superb just go through it
Poor battery  quality
Nice product
Good
I am not certified
Funtastic looking
Good job
Classy
Worst
Super phone
Nice mobile
Superb phone
Fantastic phone for this price. I was not a fan of vivo till this time. I had always been a member of Nokia and was a heavy decision to come out of it. But thought of taking a chance and buying this and it did hit my expectations. 1) The camera quality is a awesome. Quality of the photos are magnificent 👌 no doubt in it. Different modes in it makes it more easier to capture beautiful photos. 2) Coming to the battery. On a 100% charge it will work for more than a day like approx 30-32hrs. Trust me I charged it 100% played PuBG for like more than an hour in one sitting and still the battery doesn't drains much. 3) Graphics are fantastic. The HD screen gives fantastic graphics and Crystal clear screen. Did I mention that when you start the Pubg it automatically changes your screen resolution to HD 4) Finger print reader takes a bit of a milisecond to read and is not instant, but not a problem. 5) definitely a buy. Go for i P.S. Type-C to USB Cable is not included in box. Attached image of box content for quick reference.
Beautiful display and design ❤️ Nice themes🎊 Super perform.
Nice camera. Stylish looks. Fast process power.
Good
Smoothness of touch and back camera
Best phone
Great feature than iPhone and oneplus one.
Good
I liked the product, I have been using vivo v9 since 1.5 years. Compared to that vivo v17 is not great upgrade even though it was launched in Dec 2019.  Battery: Fast charge was mentioned but trust me this is as good as vivo v9. You dont feel any fast charging , it takes 2 hrs for 100% charging.  Camera: Front cam is 32 MP compared to 24 MP of vivo v9. But quality of image is not improved much. It is as good as old v9.  Finger print: It is very good. Great response and recognition. I didnt try Face recognition till now so cant comment.  Heating: It has slight heating issue. Even old vivio v9 has similar such issue.  Audio output: This is draw back, it has decent audio output but not great sound effects.  Calling: Good clarity in voice calls.  Over all I feel its a decent mobile but not value buy at 23K if you are expecting to have good upgrade over your old vivo phone. Not many features added/improved.  By the way, I got mobile through offline retail store (glacier ice one)  Thanks.
Nce phone
Superrrrbbbb phone I m use in 40days
Good product.
Superb phone
Worst
Super phone
Nice mobile
Superb phone
Fantastic phone for this price. I was not a fan of vivo till this time. I had always been a member of Nokia and was a heavy decision to come out of it. But thought of taking a chance and buying this and it did hit my expectations. 1) The camera quality is a awesome. Quality of the photos are magnificent 👌 no doubt in it. Different modes in it makes it more easier to capture beautiful photos. 2) Coming to the battery. On a 100% charge it will work for more than a day like approx 30-32hrs. Trust me I charged it 100% played PuBG for like more than an hour in one sitting and still the battery doesn't drains much. 3) Graphics are fantastic. The HD screen gives fantastic graphics and Crystal clear screen. Did I mention that when you start the Pubg it automatically changes your screen resolution to HD 4) Finger print reader takes a bit of a milisecond to read and is not instant, but not a problem. 5) definitely a buy. Go for i P.S. Type-C to USB Cable is not included in box. Attached image of box content for quick reference.
Beautiful display and design ❤️ Nice themes🎊 Super perform.
Nice camera. Stylish looks. Fast process power.
Good
Smoothness of touch and back camera
Best phone
Great feature than iPhone and oneplus one.
Good
I liked the product, I have been using vivo v9 since 1.5 years. Compared to that vivo v17 is not great upgrade even though it was launched in Dec 2019.  Battery: Fast charge was mentioned but trust me this is as good as vivo v9. You dont feel any fast charging , it takes 2 hrs for 100% charging.  Camera: Front cam is 32 MP compared to 24 MP of vivo v9. But quality of image is not improved much. It is as good as old v9.  Finger print: It is very good. Great response and recognition. I didnt try Face recognition till now so cant comment.  Heating: It has slight heating issue. Even old vivio v9 has similar such issue.  Audio output: This is draw back, it has decent audio output but not great sound effects.  Calling: Good clarity in voice calls.  Over all I feel its a decent mobile but not value buy at 23K if you are expecting to have good upgrade over your old vivo phone. Not many features added/improved.  By the way, I got mobile through offline retail store (glacier ice one)  Thanks.
Nce phone
Superrrrbbbb phone I m use in 40days
Good product.
Superb phone
